Speaker 2: No, he doesn't He doesn't call really, I don't The only thing is like at at home, sometimes he likes to sit by me and stuff like,
Speaker 1: I forgot to tell you, look for the house with the reindeer. You could find it a lot easier if you couldn't remember where we were.
Speaker 2: I always remember,
Speaker 1: Once you get to it,
Speaker 2: Once I see it, I know, oh that's it.
Speaker 1: Yeah,
Speaker 2: I'll look at some of the houses, I'm like ooh, is it this one, is this one it, and then I Oh no, that's the one.
Speaker 1: Yeah, the one with the two reindeer that, Mark and Tim last year took and put on top of each other as if they were humping. I was. so I went out in the morning I'm like,
Speaker 2: Oh God.
Speaker 1: so I get out of my car, stop in the driveway, I was like, I'll just kill them.
Speaker 2: Those naughty boys.
Speaker 1: But um, mm, no, he just He he, he's become more attached. and, I think a lot of it is because a lot of his, friends have now gotten married, and have children, and he doesn't do as much with them. And I think that's why, but he has gotten so attached to me and it, I've always been very independent, and a lot of it had to do with like me growing up the way I did, with my my um, my mother dying,
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: younger, and then living with my one aunt, and then my aunt died when I was twelve, and then moving to another aunt, which was moving up here, and, I I've always had to go back and forth, I've always traveled on my own, I've always flown everywhere by myself, uh, I've always done everything. I've had to deal with my father, I'd listen to my sister, when my nephew started college, how she was saying, she filled out all of his applications for where he was going and, she did all of these things when he had to apply for a scholarship or whatever, she filled out everything, and I'm like, I did it by myself, you read the form, and you fill it out.
Speaker 2: Wow,
Speaker 1: No one did it for me, you know, and I was very much, whatever I needed, I I got my money from my father, he paid for school, but, I did everything on my own. I I didn't have anyone.
Speaker 2: See my parents weren't very, I don't know. They're not extremely educated, and they're not, really on top of things, and so when it came to things like that, they wouldn't know how to help me.
Speaker 1: Really,
Speaker 2: Yeah, they wouldn't I mean they had no clue, they didn't give me any suggestions of where to go to school, they said, oh yeah go to school, we'll pay for it. We want you to go to school. But they had no idea of, you know, what's a good school, what's a bad school, you know, any type of direction?
Speaker 1: Yeah,
Speaker 2: They didn't give me anything like that.
Speaker 1: and see I feel that's one of the biggest setbacks, I I see this with with black youths today, is that, because your generations in the past, were not educated,
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: you have a harder time deciding on what's a good school, what's a good curriculum for you to take, your your parents aren't able to talk to you about it. just as you were saying, even though you're not black, but you were just saying that, but black children have that even more so.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Because you You're you're more likely not to be come from educated parents. Whereas I came from an educated family, it was just the fact, they made us do everything on our own. And,
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: but, black people also, those that have more, tried to teach you to be stronger. But I think they instilled tried tried to make me so strong, that they forgot, that I was a person. And I mean like, I I often feel like at times that, and maybe it's the gayness coming out in me but, I don't like it, like and when I was home, just went home to Indiana. I went to hug my sister, and I still feel that she finds a coldness in hugging.
Speaker 2: She doesn't like to hug.
Speaker 1: No. My family's not very much hugging.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: I mean, my whole life, we've never been very, you greet someone, you don't hug them. You're just like, how are you, and even like male female. You don't do it.
Speaker 2: See uh my my mother was like that more so. And then my father was different.
Speaker 1: Very emotional? Very hugging?
Speaker 2: Yeah, very hugging, they were just See my family is more, it's it's different. It's like,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: each member of the family is slightly different, and different amount of touch.
Speaker 1: I always said, that if I had children, I would always Especially if I had a son, I would hug him, just so he knew that I loved him.
Speaker 2: Right. I think it's important, I think it's good, I don't think you can overly hug, um, with family and stuff like that.
Speaker 1: Yeah. See and that's how I feel, is that, I want to hug him, because I want him to know that I do love him.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And that, I I I want my children, if I if I ever had children, to know, that, there is nothing wrong with showing physical affection between two men. It doesn't make you gay.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: You know, and that is one of the things that Scott was saying yesterday, it really bothered Scott a lot, because his nephew, uh, kept calling him Aunt Scott. Because, and his nephew was just being rude and obnoxious about every gift, he he unwrapped, and his brother said, oh that's just the way kids are today, and I'm like, no that's the way you train your kids. If you don't train your kids to be any better, then they are, and see and in Scott's family, like his brother, his older brother'll say, oh Scott's my best friend. But he'll tease Scott about, oh why aren't you married. You know, you must be a fag. Or this, and he'll laugh it off, and he doesn't realize, well yeah Scott is gay, and it hurts Scott.
Speaker 2: He doesn't know that he's gay?
Speaker 1: Hmmm. Has no idea. He's probably he's gonna drop him off, which is why I have to close those blinds soon. But uh, it it's the way he is. And his brother is just like that. And so, he, and and so his little boy is growing up the same way. Larry's twelve. And he's like this big kid, cause he's overweight. And I told Scott I said well Scott, I wouldn't take it personal, cause Scott was telling me this morning, I said, first of all, Larry's twelve years old, he's like six foot one, and he's fat. I mean, he's just probably a good two hundred fifty pounds I said,
Speaker 2: He's six one? At twelve?
Speaker 1: At twelve years old.
Speaker 2: Oh that's scary.
Speaker 1: And he's like two hundred and fifty pounds. And I said Scott he's compensating, for the fact, I said I bet you the kids pick on him, I said he's different. I said so therefore, he probably is a big bully at school. And I said, so he's probably just like this kid who's just like, real bitter, because nobody And I said his dad is just an a a jerk, Scott's brother, will call our house, and just, is just rude to Scott, But yet he'll turn around and ask Scott to borrow five thousand dollars. I mean like he just borrowed twentyfive thousand dollars from Scott, like two years ago, and told Scott, oh I'll give it back, I'm gonna invest it and I'll give it back in three months. So, he gives Scott It takes him instead, a year and a half to pay Scott back. Like Scott's got twentyfive thousand dollars just to lay around. Like that. You know and, that's the way his brother is. You know very, and he's just, he's just mean to Scott. He says things to Scott, just like, oh just awful things about gay and.
Speaker 2: Well, why doesn't Scott say something.
Speaker 1: Because, Scott hasn't dealt with his gayness himself, and he hasn't dealt with, who he is.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: And that's why he doesn't say anything.
Speaker 2: So you can't really blame the guy in the sense that, he doesn't know he's hurting him?
Speaker 1: If Scott doesn't stick up for himself,
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: And I keep telling Scott, you're gonna have to say something. Because all of these things are hurting you. And Scott's like oh it doesn't bother me, and I'm like then why are you talking about it. I said if that would have been my nephew, and he would have said that to me, I'd've knocked him across that chair, I don't care how big he was.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah.
Speaker 1: I said my nephews My nephews and nieces do not, one of the little girls, uh, tried pulling something on We went shopping, and tried the little attitude in the in the mall. And I grabbed her and I said, I don't care if you are my sister's child, I will knock you across that bench, I said I don't have to take that. You will never go shopping with me again. Um, I just don't believe in it, and I I I'm sorry, I was not hit as a child, but I also was not nasty, like some kids now? He's right. They do talk. Some of the kids say things, but kids always do, but, that's not an excuse.
Speaker 2: Exactly.
Speaker 1: Hello? Hello? What's wrong. SM Why. Why? SM Okay, alright. Yeah. If you don't have enough gas and you're worried, that you're gonna run out, I wouldn't go anywhere either. So why don't you I'll call you later on. Okay? Bye. He's afraid that he's gonna run out of gas getting over here.
Speaker 2: Well why doesn't he get gas.
Speaker 1: I don't know, he drove all the way back from Green Bay with, just on that. And he thought he was gonna, like, make it, and somebody would be open, and I'm like, so he said he's like, it' He said it's like past empty, it's past the E, and so he's afraid, that he'll run out on his way over here, and he probably would.
Speaker 2: Oh. Well he should just, go to a gas station.
Speaker 1: So he said he'll Well there's one down the street from his house, but it'll probably be open tomorrow morning.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: It's not open now. So he said he'd just rather stay home. Instead, and I said fine, go ahead and stay home. But I don't know, I I really think that, it it's hard, it's hard, it's it is hard having, to hide this like Scott's doing, I couldn't hide it any longer, he's hiding it way too long.
Speaker 2: Yeah. No I couldn't hide it that long either. I told my mother when I had like, my boyfriend moved away. She
Speaker 1: Is that why you told her?
Speaker 2: Mm. Cause I was really upset. And then I And then she's like, well it's a good thing he moved away, cause he was sort of effeminate, and I was really offended.
Speaker 1: That's how she took it?
Speaker 2: Yeah. And I was really offended, cause she said something like, well it's a good thing, he was sort of weird, I didn't like you hanging around him. And I said. And she said he was sort of effeminate. And I was like, well what do you mean, he's gay or something, she's like well I think he might have been. And I said well, why, does that bother you? I said because I am. And she's like, no. You're not. I know you. You're not gay. And I said, yes I am. I said, how do you know me, better than I know myself. looking at me, and she was like really upset.
Speaker 1: Did she tell your dad or did you tell your dad.
Speaker 2: No, she ended up telling him I think eventually, but not right away. First thing I had to go to see a a psychiatrist.
Speaker 1: Oh she made you go do that.
Speaker 2: Mhm, I went,
Speaker 1: Oh Jim's mother told him that too.
Speaker 2: See and then I went, and the guy's like really nice, and he's like well what what's why are you here, tell me what's what's going on. And I said well,
Speaker 1: How old were you at this time.
Speaker 2: Nineteen,
Speaker 1: And she psychiatrist at nineteen? She didn't think you knew, enough about yourself at that age?
Speaker 2: Right. Well, she didn't want to believe it,
Speaker 1: you know, Yeah,
Speaker 2: I guess you can't blame em, some to some extent. So then I went to the psychiatrist and, he's like well what's the problem, and I said, well, my mother's upset because I'm gay. And he's like, well it sounds like she has a problem then,
Speaker 1: Did he really say that?
Speaker 2: He said it sounds like she's the one with the problem. And I didn't even think about how I said it. I just said it? You know? And he interpreted how I said it, as how it was. You know, which is true.
Speaker 1: And you know what's really funny, is that a psychiatrist would say that, and knowingly know that, you know, he accepted the fact that yes you are gay, that it is something that, like when Mike told his friend Julia, Mike was telling me that Julia said, oh I don't like it, but if that's what you want, maybe that's not truly who you are. You know, and, I said to Mike, I said then Mike she didn't accept it. And, he said, well, I think she accepted it, she just said that, and he told her that he feels he was born with it, and she said, no, I don't believe that, I think it's your choice that that's what you want. And I said And I and I told Mike, I said you know, I hate when people say that, because, if I felt that was my choice, I don't think that would've been the first choice I would've picked.
Speaker 2: Oh God no.
Speaker 1: And it's not to say that I'm ashamed of being gay,
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: what it is is that, because of what society has done, or has laid the rules for us, I don't really think I would have chose to be gay. I I wouldn't. Why would I want to be gay, and have to deal with what we go through.
Speaker 2: Exactly. And that's I explained to my folks now and, and they totally believe that it's, like hereditary or genetic or whatever, that it's not a choice. You know,
Speaker 1: They do believe it now? because
Speaker 2: Oh yeah. They totally
Speaker 1: Oh, I believe it's it's I don't know if it's hereditary? I do believe it's something. It's a gene, or it's something.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: I I don't think I don't care what people say. you are You do not choose.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: I've known, since I was, gosh, probably, I can remember? Four? Five years old?
Speaker 2: I remember that.
Speaker 1: I remember looking at, my uncle was sleeping, on the couch, in our family room, and, he was sleeping there with his boxers on, and his peepee fell out of his pants. And I just stood there and stared at it, and I was And I know it was a sexual arousement, cause I can remember feeling sexually interested. And so I was like four years old. So I knew then. You you know what you feel inside. You you you can't
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: And I don't care what anybody says, at four years old, I I chose that? That I liked what I saw, I don't think so. I don't think I knew at four years old, that I could actually just say oh, wow, I wanna play with this guy. You know,
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: I don't think so. And and if they say things like, oh when I was maybe seven, I slept with my cousin Tommy, who was probably twelve thirteen? At the time, and I slept with him, no he was sixteen. Shared a bed with him, and he, uh, started fondling me, and I enjoyed it, and I fondled him back. And I was like seven years old. And I I don't say that he did it to me, he molested me or, or raped me as people are saying now, the older uncle, generally, I think these kids,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: not saying adults should've been more responsible, my sixteenyearold cousin should have been more responsible, and not played with a sevenyearold child, but, he did. But I'm not gonna turn around and tell my aunt, well, gee your son, molested me as a child.
Speaker 2: Is he gay?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: He's not gay.
Speaker 1: Well, we don't know. Actually, I think he is. He brought home a drag queen for Christmas last year. So.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah.
Speaker 1: YWN But, at the time YWN no. he Like when he turned twentytwo, he got married, and he had kids and stuff, he has kids, which doesn't mean anything, there are a lot of fags with kids, but, he just is very, that was what happened to me. And and I don't blame my cousin, it was just another awakening experience for me, I mean there were several experiences, when I was growing up, I mean, I remember watching one of our neighbors, who was taking a shower, and you could see right through his bedroom, and he got out and he was naked. And I remember watching. And I remember being mesmerized by his body. I was never really that mesmerized by a female's body, as I was by a male's body, and so,
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: that's why I don't understand where uh they come up with this of, it's your choice. It's not. I I know, that that's what I felt.
Speaker 2: I remember when I was I was like probably three or four, and I was wrestling on the, I I remember wrestling on the floor, with my brothers, and being aroused. Just like goofing around and stuff like that?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: And then I think the The experience when I was younger, and my older brothers had friends over. I remember the He he he come over with these friends, with these guys, and I would just be like, in lust. For these guys, I mean, I must have been like nine or ten, and I was just like idolizing these guys. P Like oh my God, P, I remember, I would like imagine like, if I could have them in my bedroom.
Speaker 1: See yeah.
Speaker 2: That type of thing. You know, oh if
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: as if they were like a toy or something.
Speaker 1: That was my older brother, because my older brother, uh, played football at Perdue,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: and I used to go to games, and I followed him around, he'd take me for weekends, and then I'd get to sit in the locker room. And, these guys would like tickle me, and hug me, and I was just a little kid. Cause I probably Mm, I was probably about ten at the time, ten eleven, and they just thought I was the nicest little boy, and, I just had, and I knew it. I was always sexually aroused by it. And And you know these things, and, you know it's inside of you. And,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: you know, what what do you do. And I know my brother, who lives in Dallas, uh, the one that played football at Perdue, he He knew it. He he knew, he knew especially after Ron, because when I left California, I didn't come back here first, I actually went to Dallas. Because my brother's like come and stay with me, things'll work out, and, you can look for a job down here. And so, Ron flew to Dallas, and went to my brother's house, and banged on the door, and said I want to see him, we need to talk, and my brother's like, this is really odd for two friends, to be this emotionally attached. And I was like crying all the time, and like when Ron came, I started crying, and I was just like, just tell him to leave me alone, just get him out of here, and blah blah blah, and, Now you tell me your family doesn't realize, now what is wrong, that two friends are,
Speaker 2: Having a,
Speaker 1: a thing. They're fighting each other, one guy's standing outside the house at midnight screaming, let me talk to him let me talk to him, it is a little weird. You know, so,
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think they would figure that one out.
Speaker 1: Yeah, and my brother had met Ron, cause we went down there on a vacation spring break once, and he thought he was really cool, and stuff so, he really liked him a lot, until that episode, and then, uh, I haven't spoke to my brother to be honest with you since.
Speaker 2: Really? Why. was he like upset?
Speaker 1: No, I think I'm afraid,
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: I'm afraid that he's gonna come right out and ask me,
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: about it, and what happened was, I ended up leaving Dallas, and coming back to Wisconsin like a week later,
Speaker 2: But doesn't he come up here ever? For holidays at all or anything?
Speaker 1: I won't go home when he's here. I won't go to Indiana, see I don't have any family in Wisconsin. My family's all in Indiana.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: So when he comes home, like if I know he's coming home for Thanksgiving, I won't go home. He did call me one time, because he needed me to sign a property agreement, some property we own jointly,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: My There's eight of us, that my grandparents left us, and he needed to borrow money against it. So he called, and left me a message, I wasn't home, I was working, and, he said, gave me his number and told me to call him back, and, I called my sister and said fine, send me the Tell him to send me the and I'll sign it, and I never talked to him. So I haven't talked to my brother, see I've been in Milwaukee for ten years, so, about ten and a half years.
Speaker 2: Wow. How old is he.
Speaker 1: He's a lot older than I am, cause if I was ten and he was nineteen, so he's nine years older than me?
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: So he's He's older, he's in his forties. Yeah. He's in his forties.
Speaker 2: Don't you think it's it's more that you were nervous at the time,
Speaker 1: Well now I'm gonna tell him. I've I keep telling myself every month, call him, and just tell him, because I wanna go to Dallas, and I wanna I I miss my brother. He was my best friend, and he knows. He knows. But, I just couldn't, just come right out and tell him then. I couldn't tell him, There was more to it than that. Ron came to the house, he had a gun, they had to call the police,
Speaker 2: He had a gun?
Speaker 1: Yes. And he was standing outside the house, saying I'm gonna I'm gonna kill myself, if you don't talk to me, just tell me, and, There was just so much to this,
Speaker 2: This is the guy who doesn't know he's gay. Or isn't sure if he's gay.
Speaker 1: Yes. Yes. Who's now in the air force and lives in in South Carolina. So.
Speaker 2: Wait a second. I thought this guy was was married.
Speaker 1: Ron.
Speaker 2: Ron, he's married, right?
Speaker 1: That's Darren.
Speaker 2: Oh, I'm thinking of Darren right.
Speaker 1: No, Darren's the other guy that, the one that I told,
Speaker 2: Oh those frat boys are too much.
Speaker 1: He was the one that I told, that if he'd had told me he loved me, I would have never left Washington and moved with Ron. I would have stuck with Darren.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: I would have never. Cause I never really, like I said, Ron was my friend. And I knew Ron was my friend. And, I was in love with Darren. When I was in college, and to this day, if Scott wasn't here, and Darren wasn't married to a woman, I would be with Darren. He was probably the best sexual partner, I could ever imagine.
Speaker 2: Oh my God.
Speaker 1: He's the only person I know who kissed me, when when he kissed me I just came.
Speaker 2: You never had sex.
Speaker 1: Not, you know. Not the booty dance.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: We had um,
Speaker 2: You had oral sex.
Speaker 1: Oral sex. But he was just, oh, and fine. And I don't like men with like auburn hair. But he had auburn hair, and these turquoise eyes, and he was like, six foot, and just, oh, and he still is. I was just like, he is to die for. I thought, I was so young then and so stupid. He was the one that blamed me, he wouldn't speak to me for six months, the first time we messed around we were drunk. And we messed around. And he wouldn't speak to me for six months, and said it was my fault that he knows he's not gay. But yet he was the one that grabbed me and threw me on the floor.
Speaker 2: He confronted you and said that to you?
Speaker 1: And got on top of me. I called him,
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: the next day after it had happened. And he said I don't want to talk to you, you took advantage of me when I was drunk. But he's the one that grabbed me, kissed me, took my underwear off, and, he started it. You know, I knew what I was about. I didn't get into it, but I knew.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: And, he was the one, that was the first experience. And then the second experience, he didn't speak to me for three months, because he blamed me for that. And then, the third experience he blamed me for, he's been blaming me for all of these experiences, up until, uh like, Scott and I got serious like the year after, and I was still kind of seeing Darren, I went out to Washington and stuff, and that's when he stopped blaming me. Now, he calls me and tells me that he wants to be with me. And, he called Like he called me last week, and said he wanted to be with me.
Speaker 2: You're kidding.
Speaker 1: No. But he's married to Lauren. And I keep telling him, get out of that relationship, before you have children. Just get out of it, don't carry any baggage with you. Always my biggest theory. Don't carry any excess baggage.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: With you. And he loves her. But what he doesn't know how to separate is, he loves her but he's not in love with her. You know what I mean, he he just
Speaker 2: Right right.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah,
Speaker 2: you can love a person, but you're not in love with them, It's not sexual.
Speaker 1: Yeah. And that's really hard. Because, you you find it very difficult to be, to love someone and, when you tell someone you love them, they misunderstand, what love is all about. So, I don't know. But I I, I think if there was ever anybody, I truly But he He, everybody has that one person who breaks their heart, and he broke my heart. Just incredibly because, I wasn't really in love with his looks, I just, I've never met anybody who when you they touched you, just, there was so much warmth. And so much, just There was so much energy there. That, I mean,
Speaker 2: So you've kept in contact with him?
Speaker 1: yes. Since nineteen Yeah.
Speaker 2: That's amazing.
Speaker 1: I've been here, for all this time,
Speaker 2: What does he just call, or you call,
Speaker 1: No. He calls me. I can't call him.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: Actually I can, cause his wife knows that we're friends. But I don't choose to call him. He Like he used to travel, around the country, they live They used to live in Valencia California, now they live somewhere, they just moved, cause his wife got a new job. He quit his job for her, for her job. Cause she moved to California for them, cause they were living in Washington DC. So he used to travel all around the world. Well whenever he come to Wisconsin for the dairy expo, or he'd come here, go to Chicago for some reason, to take businessmen around, what he did was, uh, he took f uh farmers around from different parts of the world, so that they can look at farms. So his travel a lot of times was in Wisconsin, because of the farms here. They would see how things were done and, He like took them around the world. You know doing this. And he traveled all over the world. See, that's why, I think Darren now, is getting to this point where, he's with Lauren all the time. And before, Darren traveled like ninety percent of the year. He was gone. I mean, Darren was gone ninety percent of the year. So now he's with Lauren every day, and it's been this way for the last three or four months. And I think k
Speaker 2: Oh that's all? For the last three or four months?
Speaker 1: He just started stop Oh They've been married six years. He just stopped traveling.
Speaker 2: Oh?
Speaker 1: And I think now it's just like, I don't know if this is for me, I don't know if this is right, and he's starting to call me. And he's starting to tell me how much he cares for me, and how he has feelings for me, and I I know that you're with Scott. And I'm just like, and I'm not giving up my life for you. He asked me once, right out of college, when he moved to Washington DC, when I came back, from California, and I was here, and I had just started working, he asked me to move to Madison. To be with him. That was when he was on the peak of thinking maybe I am gay. And I said, well, why don't I come out there first, and we'll see. So I went out there, and he goes, well yeah you can move out here and get your own apartment, whereas he owned a threebedroom house, and lived by himself, and I'm like, okay, can I afford to move out here, get a apartment, until I find He never said move in here with me until you find a place or whatever. It was just like, and then he wanted the still straight life, and this and that and other. So now he claims bisexuality, but he's moving closer I think gay, because when he was talking to me on the phone last week, he was telling me how much he still loved me. And he doesn't know what to do about this whole situation.
Speaker 2: How could he really love you though, he doesn't know you that much.
Speaker 1: He doesn't know me, because in the last ten years, we talked to each other maybe once a month.
Speaker 2: Well that's quite a bit though.
Speaker 1: And actually maybe not even that. Sometimes it's every other month. When he was traveling around the world, like he went to Germany for six weeks. And he sent me his frequent flyer ticket. Cause he was there, training to speak, learning to speak German in a sixweek course. And he sent me, a to come and spend a week with him, and I said no. But at that time, I been with Scott like four years, and I was just like, I don't think so. You're not gonna use me, for your little sex thing for that week, and then that's it, so, I mean, I I love him, I really do but, I don't I also don't trust him. I don't think any man, who is as sexual as he is, and traveled as much as he did, could stay, celibate, or stay committed to his wife.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: I mean when I saw him once in Chicago, I went to Chicago. About four years ago? Five years ago? And he was in Chicago, in this hotel, and he said, why don't you come and, you know, I'm free Saturday, and Sunday. Why don't you come. And I said fine. So I took the train to Chicago on Saturday, and I thought okay no big deal, he'll have a room with two double beds. No it was a kingsize bed. So I thought, okay, no big deal, I took a sleeping bag, just in case. So, here I am, taking my sleeping bag, I roll it out on the floor, and he goes, well you don't have to worry, you can share this bed with me, I love Lauren, and No I take that back. It was more than five years ago, because he's been married to Lauren for six years this coming May, no. Seven years this coming May. So it was more than six years ago because, it was when he asked Lauren to marry him, it was right around Christmas time. So it's been about six and a half years so, he asked Lauren to marry him, and he says I really love Lauren, I'm gonna marry her, and blah blah blah this. So I get in the bed, I thought fine, no big deal. I'm wearing my tshirt and my underwear, so I get in the bed, and in the morning I wake up, and here he is, fondling me. So I'm like, okay, so, do you leave, or what do you do. You know, so, I'm like Darren, he goes, just don't say anything. And I said Darren, this isn't right, you don't really want to be with me, you just want the sexual part. And I said that's all there is to it, and I just can't do this. And he accepted it, and I I don't know He always, and he'll always ask me, well how's Scott, how is your sex life with Scott. Are you happy with Scott, you know, do you still miss me. And I'm like, well Darren I haven't told you I missed you in years. What are you talking about. You know, it's like, excuse me.
Speaker 2: Is he like full of himself or what.
Speaker 1: And he's another one too. He knows he's goodlooking. He he's another one. When we were were in college, he knew it.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: And and what really gets me is that, I think, the reason I always attracted, like I attracted a lot of football players, is people always got the impression I was gay. So, if they knew you were gay, and they wanted some experience, and they they didn't want to approach another say man in your frat. And they kinda thought you were gay, and nobody really wanted to like say it, they would approach me.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: So I always got all the goodlooking ones to always like, come after me. And that's how I ended up with Ron, and how I ended up with Darren. And I and I realize that, you know I always think well, especially Ron. I mean he was just like, oh, just perfect. Well Darren was too but, Darren, a lot of people don't like auburn hair or reddish brown hair. They don't care for it. But Ron just is just just a beautiful man. They both were but, I find that that's what happens in these fraternities. Is you find a man who is curious about his sexuality. And if they find someone who they question, okay, is he gay or isn't he gay, then they will tend to go after you a little bit faster. So then you think, okay you've seen some of these guys in the bars and you think, like I was out at the Triangle, and I saw this guy, he was so goodlooking, I'm like, how the hell did he end up with that. And then I thought you know, I betcha he's just out And he was from Marquette, and he was just finding out, and he met this guy, and that's why he was out with him.
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: You know, I mean,
Speaker 2: When was this,
Speaker 1: This was This was a while back. This was
Speaker 2: They young?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Well the
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: They were young. The one guy in particular was young. The guy that was from Marquette.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: Was probably, I I wouldn't think he would be more than twenty, twentyone, I couldn' But he shouldn't have been in the Triangle if you want to know the truth. So, but, um, no, he was just very nice.