Speaker 1: Here's a nice place to put my shoes. Mom, look. What? Look at my shoes. They look like the Phantom Stairsteppers, huh? I know, it looks like the Invisible Man. Yeah, it does look like the Invisible Man. Wasn't there a guy called the Invisible Man? Yes, there was. Was he in a movie? Yes, he was. What was it called? Invisible Man. It was kind of a show, kind of like The Shadow was. Actually, though, I think they made a remake of it with Chevy Chase that was really lousy, though. You know what you could do that would be just really helpful? Say it. You could take these Coke cans and put them in the bag full of Coke cans that are in your bedroom, and then you can squish them. Squish them for the recycling bin. Tomorrow, please. My fear. Tomorrow? Well, can you just put them in the bag in there for now, OK? I gotta clean up in here. This place is just totally trashed because I've done nothing this week but study and be sick. I've got a really bad dental problem or something in my mouth. I've got a sinus infection or something. Don't move. Please. I know it's tempting. What I'd like you to do is put those cans away, please. Oh, there they are. Yeah, there they are. A one, a two. Let's make the statue of hamburger city. The statue of Coke. The swinging vine.
Speaker 2: You're just a swinging kid.
Speaker 1: Hey, why don't you give your iguana a little bit of banana too? He probably really likes some. He probably really likes some banana. I think this is Robbie's shirt and his Harley-Davidson scarf, right? Isn't that Robbie's shirt and Harley-Davidson scarf from this summer? I wanted to give that back to them tomorrow when we go over for his birthday. I need to get Robbie a present. Yeah, what do you think he'd like to have? I'm not sure, but we could go over to Toys R Us. It's just me. I dropped the Toys R Us catalog back there. It's right over there. Why don't you have a look at it and see if anything comes to mind for something you think Robbie would like to have for his birthday. Oh, I know some things in there for Christmas. Yeah, I know you probably see things in there that you want for Christmas, but right now we're thinking about him and his birthday. You're not going to get started on this chicken pizza or anybody actually takes me up on this and comes. Really? Yeah. Are they good things? Yeah. And there's also a Nickelodeon free box there. Really? And it's so full with goodies and coupons. Oh, wow. That's why I don't need that. I know something that we may like. Let me try to find it. It's a yak package. Is that full of yucky stuff or what? Are you sure? No. It's kind of like a tape recorder. Oh, it is. See, you, um, like, you just insert your desk and clean your room.
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: And then there's the screw-on TV, and you play it, and the girl says, clean your room.
Speaker 2: So is it kind of like one of those talk boys?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Like,
Speaker 1: that was in, what is it?
Speaker 2: How much would something like that cost?
Speaker 1: Um, let me look for it. It's in here, because I circled it. OK, cost. $9.99.
Speaker 2: Are you sure?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Well, we could probably afford that, huh?
Speaker 1: Oh, wait a minute. It says $12.99. $12.99? Come over here and look. All right. Hang on just a second. I think it says $12.99, and then right here it says Yak Pack $9.99.
Speaker 2: Ah.
Speaker 1: Maybe it means Yak Pack 1. This is Jetpack 2.
Speaker 2: Is she again?
Speaker 1: I don't know. Why don't we go to Toys R Us tomorrow and we'll research it. We'll see what it says they are there. Because I really don't know. It's hard to tell if I can afford it unless I know exactly what the price is on it. There's also some movies. Really? Like Batman Forever and Santa Claus. Who was it who was saying they were going to buy the movie cast for the ghost today? Was that Jack? Jack. And mom, you know what the fun, it's kind of like a game except you ask your cosmic questions. Oja? Elijah? Ouija. Ouija. Yeah, like a Ouija. We used to call them Ouija boards. Oh god, my head hurts. Did you like it? Huh? Did you like it? Yeah, I used to love Ouija boards when I thought they were really fun. First, we always ask them questions in order to do the answer to it. Like what? Your homework? Oh, man, I feel like my brain's gonna come out. Like that? Huh? Like, man, my brains feel like they're gonna come out? Well, I've either got a really bad sinus infection or I've got an impacted tooth or something, but my head hurts all the way up my nose and my teeth hurt. Basically, I just am a mess, babe. You don't know the half of it.
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: I know. Robbie does like remote-controlled cars. I see lots of them in here. Oh, does he? He likes those? Well, his dad's into that, too, because he's into those Holly Davidsons and stuff, isn't he? Yeah, but there's only a beer that the Dr. Dreadful Drink Lab. The who, what? The Dr. Dreadful Drink Lab. The Dr. Dreadful Drink Lab. Oh, boy. Yeah. Really? This place is such a mess.
Speaker 2: So,
Speaker 1: Remind me tomorrow when we go shopping that I want to get some potting soil because I want to put these geraniums in a pot because why they aren't dead I don't know because all I do is take them to the brink of death all the time and somehow they manage to keep surviving me and all my neglect but I want to get them in a pot because one of them is going to flower it's so pretty and if they were you know in a pot with good soil and water they'd be just beautiful they'd be up and running Find the recipe for my Malaysian chicken pizza. Man. I had the longest day at work today. It just took forever. Okay, burp. Let's see, I gotta find my recipe. It's gonna be a tough part. Geez, I lose my hair if I lost the snowman. I almost hope nobody does show up from this thing, because I found it already. Now I got the sniffles. Do you, honey, get a cold coffee? Well, I got the heater. Oh, that reminds me. I've got the heat turned on in here. So we've got a gas heater in here. So everyone's got a little fire on and you see like flames going on or something. Don't be scared, but don't mess with this here and this plate in your bedroom. The landlord's got to put a vent over it. Come here, I'll show you. Please come here. Don't touch this because you can burn yourself, okay? Don't touch this. Now don't mess with this pipe here at all because that's for the gas coaster, okay? So with that in mind, because that's not up to building code. The gas guy, when he came and told me that's not code, he said it wasn't, that it was unsafe, but we still need to be very careful about it, all right? All right, girl. Did you hear me okay? Yeah. Okay. So come here. What do you want me to put on your pizza? You're going to have pepperoni and stuff on your pizza. I want some pepperoni, some cheese. Okay. You want mozzarella? Mozzarella. That's that white cheese that gets all stringy and melted. Kind of like figaro. Hmm. I'm making Malaysian chicken pizza. Where are you? No chicken pizza. No, it's wonderful. What's that? I do not like food in my pizza. Well, I know pizza seems weird to have on pizza, but it's really good. Here, please. You said chicken. Yeah, I know. Oh, man, I forgot to get the ham cooking spray. Do you need an asthma treatment? Did you give sneakers some fresh lettuce? Yeah. I've got chicken cacciatore here too, honey, that I can heat up for you if you're hungry. If it takes too long for me to make the pizza. Okay. Okay. I know you're probably hungry. Tell you what, I'll make your pizza first, because yours is easy to make, and then I'll make this fancy one for a second. That way you won't have to wait too long to eat. Because I don't know, I don't know, these people may not even show up. I think they'll just stay home. I don't know. Here is the free Nickelodeon treat box. Bring this coupon to Toys R Us and get your free Nickelodeon or treat box. Okay, we're gonna make yours quick and dirty, kid. Let's see. Where's that? So you're going to a computer lab now at the Hemingway Learning Institute. Is that fun? Yeah. Well, I didn't go last Friday because I forgot. Oh, did you? Yeah. Because it just started, huh? I'm not sure if they counted me. I don't know, babe. Did your dad go to California this weekend? He just left the day before I woke up. He left this morning in California. Do you know how to grate cheese? Yes. I beg your pardon? I'm sorry, I can't hear you. Do you? You don't know how to? No, I do know how to. I'm wondering if you would like to grate some cheese to put on your pizza. Sure. Or are you enjoying just looking at your catalog? You don't have to do that if you don't want to. Okay. We're gonna need to put sauce on the Oh boy, this face hurts. Yeah, okay, I'll wait until after that. Without putting sauce on it, it's real simple. All I have to do is open a can and dump it on. We're doing things very simple. Mom, they have costumes in here too. Do they have a tick costume that you wanted? No, they don't. They have Spider-Man, Jaws, Gargoyle, a ninja, a clown, and a witch. Well, do you want to be a clown or a ninja instead of the tick? I want to be the tick. Okay. I think the tick's pretty classy myself. I was telling everybody at work that you wanted to be the tick for Halloween and they thought that was cool because everybody at work watches the tick and they like it too. I thought that was pretty funny myself. That really amuses me because, you know, do they think he's really dumb? No, they think he's very funny. I know, that's why he's so dumb and he's funny. Yeah, he's kind of a... show off. Yeah, he is I guess. Arthur's the moth, right? He's the bunny rabbit. Like a bunny rabbit? But I mean he's supposed to be a moth in real life, right? Oh man, we gotta get rid of some of this stuff. I've got more stuff in here that makes sense.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Okay. Oh yeah. Now where are we at? I still haven't found the sauce. Okay. I gotta take some Tylenol. Yeah, prep two. With playback and record, speed adjustment point six, second memory. Batteries included, ages seven up. It's from Yes Entertainment. And you think that's what Robbie would like for his birthday more than anything, huh? I'd say so. Okay. Well then that's what we'll get him if that's what you think. I think that's nice. They invited you for his birthday. Yeah, I'm glad you guys have to be friends. Where in the heck did I put that pizza sauce? You mean this pizza sauce? Yep, that's exactly what I was looking for. Thank you babe. Maybe your game of wine. Well, at least you're my mom. Mom, why is the green ball out there? Do they want to play croquet or what? No, that ball's been sitting out there forever. We're also missing a black one. All right. One pepperoni pizza coming up, kid.
Speaker 2: Thank you, Mom.
Speaker 1: You're welcome. Hey mom. Hey what? It's what they had on a movie back there at Albertsons. I give up what they have. I'll give you a hint. It's the guy who wrote it was the same person who wrote The Secret Garden. A little princess. Oh, that's right. It's also on video on here. Now, for some reason, that didn't do real well at the movie theaters, did it? What the hell is this? No, Mom. It did great. In the movie theaters, it did? Yeah. For some reason, I was under the impression that it didn't. That it didn't do that well, honey. But I could be wrong.
Speaker 2: Oh, man.
Speaker 1: you know how to do this yeah yeah don't don't get your knuckles all bloody though you gotta be careful okay I'm gonna take this pizza crust off the dish rack here so this kitchen is so small I kind of hope nobody shows up because this place is such a dirty mess. I hope they do too. I look like a monster. Yeah, you look great. I'm glad you were good for Jack and Joanne too when they drove you over. That was nice of them to do. Was it hard sitting in the back of their truck? They got a pretty small truck, huh? Well, Sherrod said, I want to sit back there. And you know, this was when he said, No, Shred. There's no room. There was only room for me and Zach. We were on opposite sides from each other. So did they put Shred in the front seat between them? Yeah. Yeah. Poor Shred. And guess what Shred chased Data around us for? He could. Did he catch him? No. Zach caught one, except they fed him. Uh
Speaker 2: oh.
Speaker 1: Hope he has rabies shots. How was their soccer game? Did they win their soccer game? I didn't ask. Someone said, hi me. That was probably shred on the corner. I looked around and I'm sure probably the wind I thought. It was actually shred saying, hi me. Is your grandmother feeling better? She's supposed to go to the Dixieland Jazz Festival this weekend, one of the venues or something. She did yesterday and me and Grandpa had a hard time trying to track her down. She told Grandpa to get me and bring me over there and then we cannot find her. Well that's usually pretty crowded and busy over there. So did your dad take Mary Ann with him to San Francisco, or did he just go by himself? I don't know. You don't know? I don't know what he'd be cleaning up. I think I don't know. I think he just wanted to get out of the valley for a while, have a break. I said, I think he just wanted to get out of the valley for a while. I think he just needed a break. He hasn't really had a vacation. Oh, did they go on vacation?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker 1: Well, that's fine. You know what, let's open that box or that package of pastrami, not pastrami, pepperoni. Let me put these on there. You want the pepperoni under the cheese or the pepperoni on top of the cheese? on top of the cheese. Yeah, sprinkle the cheese around. That's a good idea. Hot salami, hot salami, hey, hot salami for you. And Eva Abigail, what's the name with you? Salami, hot salami, hey, hot salami for you. You did up well, it's still a sizzle. Bugs Bunny used to sing that. I remember that from the Bugs Bunny show, huh? That one that I rented. I like those ones. And my favorite one was when it was the Daffy Duck one, the Quack Busters. That was my favorite. This one where Bugs Bunny was talking to that vampire, you know, where he would crack up, where he would turn into the He says, I'm a vampire. He says, well hocus pocus, I'm an umpire. He said, hocus pocus, I'm a bat. I'm a bat too, abacadabra. You would do the bat with glasses on, would you? Whack! Do you want more cheese than this, kiddo? Does that look like enough? Let me cut some more off. Let me move these dishes into the sink. Okay, here, slide over. This is really kind of a tough kitchen to work in because it's so teeny time. I have all my books and everything on this, too, and most of it. Slice! I'll open up the pepperoni. I'm tired, boy.
Speaker 2: Hot salami.
Speaker 1: You were going to say hot salami. No, I was going to say pastrami instead of pepperoni. It's because I'm having a dumb attack. No, you're having a mom attack. You are entering the mom zone. How's Robbie doing?