Speaker 1: Am I doing that right so far?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: All the way down to that? Mm-hmm. I think. I don't think I am, do you?
Speaker 2: And you have to have that plus or minus.
Speaker 1: I don't even know what I did to get that. Where did I get that square root of x squared?
Speaker 2: Because you brought this over here. You brought 3 over here, divided by 3, and you have x squared. So if you want to find x, you have the square root of x squared.
Speaker 1: So all I can't figure out is what the square root of negative two-thirds is. Would that be
Speaker 2: i
Speaker 1: square root of two-thirds?
Speaker 2: The whole thing would be over... Well, no, it couldn't be. Square root of two-thirds, yeah. But then you got the other one, didn't you?
Speaker 1: Oh, gosh. She's snoozing on the floor.
Speaker 2: Not even when we woke her up. She's doing the karate kid dance. She's like, leave me alone. Do I deserve this?
Speaker 1: How would you like it when you're laying on your desk and I just grab your arm and try to swing them around?
Speaker 2: She's not even looking at me, she's just looking at me.
Speaker 1: I know, that's what I'm talking about. So, would that one be the square root of one-half?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm. It would? Mm-hmm. Yep. But do y'all have to do that, you have to like have it where there's no fraction under the denominator? Oh yeah. So then you just multiply the whole thing by the square root of 2 and you get the square root of 2 over 2.
Speaker 1: Even for the top one? Even for that one?
Speaker 2: No, I'm talking about for this one.
Speaker 1: Oh. I just like a square root of one like that, right?
Speaker 2: Mm-mm. Since you have the square root of 2 on the bottom, to make that a square, you have to multiply by the square root of 2. And then you get 2, and you multiply the top by the square root of 2, and you get the square root of 2. I want to rewind and hear that back again, because I sure didn't catch it the first time. You get the 2, you take the square root of 2, and you get the negative 2, which you take the square, and it comes to 2.
Speaker 1: I'm sorry. So, let's talk about this slowly as I write this down as you're saying it, all right? This is what we came out with, right?
Speaker 2: Put it as the square root of one over the square root of two.
Speaker 1: Oh. And then you multiply that by the square root of two over the square root of two.
Speaker 2: Right. Is that what all the square root of two is? That's what I was trying to say.
Speaker 1: Okay, I was wondering where all that square root of two is square root of two. Then right here you get square root of two over two. See everything was square root of two over two and two.
Speaker 2: Right, but then what about this one? Let me do this one. You have i square root of 3 over square root of 3. It means i square root of 2 over 3 square root of 3. Can you say it right?
Speaker 1: Do I have another i down here or just the one i?
Speaker 2: No, just one.
Speaker 1: Okay. 3 square root of 3 over square root of 3.
Speaker 2: I square root of 6.
Speaker 1: Yeah, over 3.
Speaker 2: Is that right?
Speaker 1: I doubt it. I really do, I'm not kidding.
Speaker 2: You can't multiply square roots like that can you? Square root of 2 times square root of 3 times square root of 6, is it?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Okay. Well, that's fine.
Speaker 1: You can do that.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Because it's the same way you're multiplying there. Square root of 9 and square root of 9 equals 3.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Okay. Where's the test? I ain't no teller. You have it. I mean, I have it. Okay, the next one is 5x times x minus 1. Is that it? Equals 2 times 1 minus x. Leia.
Speaker 1: Two times one minus x.
Speaker 2: Yeah. And that's easy, you can do that.
Speaker 1: Oh, this is easy. Please say this will factor, will it?
Speaker 2: No, you do it.
Speaker 1: Well, I mean, that's just wasting time, because if it's not, it does. One and negative two fifths. And I can always put those back up into the top and see if they chug, right? Let me just try the one.
Speaker 2: I got 0 equals 0. That's right. That's 1?
Speaker 1: Yeah. 0 equals 0 equals 1. OK. Fingerprint file. You got me down. Come on.
Speaker 2: x times. All right.
Speaker 1: x times.
Speaker 2: 2 minus x. is less than or equal to 3 times x minus 4. 3 times x minus 4?
Speaker 1: Right. All right. Distribute first, right? Mm-hmm. 2x minus x squared. 3x minus 12. Whoa, I don't want to do that. Negative x squared. Minus x. Plus 1. Now do you factor this after you do that? Yeah. Oh, but first I got to take out that negative one, don't I? I mean that negative for that x squared, so I just, I can multiply that whole side by negative one, can't I?
Speaker 2: Yeah, then you flip that sign over.
Speaker 1: I have to flip that sign over if I do that?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: See, it's little rules like that that I'm not going to remember. So if it's less than or equal to, And there's mine, so you have to flip the sign. Okay. Are you tired?
Speaker 2: Not really. I'm kind of, but...
Speaker 1: I'm gonna go home in just a few minutes. Because I can work on this at home and let you get some sleep. Ouch. Okay. So you say x plus 4 is greater than or equal to 0. So you say x is greater than or equal to negative 4. And x... 3.
Speaker 2: Or.
Speaker 1: Oh, is that one of the ones where you have to do or?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And
Speaker 2: if
Speaker 1: it's less than... Do you still do or?
Speaker 2: No, that's if it's in between those two numbers, you know? If there's like a... Like this one don't look... If there's like a... x in the middle. Well, then that's or. If you have like one number on one side and it says greater than or equal to x and then that one's less than or equal to... Like 2 is less than or equal to x, which is less than or equal to 6.
Speaker 1: Right. Let's do the final answer. So that's the answer, right? Number 9.
Speaker 2: Okay. I don't know this one, sir.
Speaker 1: You don't know how to do this one? So we get in trouble.
Speaker 2: Well, you apparently know how to do it.
Speaker 1: Did I get it right?
Speaker 2: Well, you didn't get the whole thing right. Well, you just missed one part of it.
Speaker 1: So what's the problem?
Speaker 2: Absolute value of one-half minus x over three. X over 3.
Speaker 1: Oops. Okay.
Speaker 2: Is less, I mean, is greater than or equal to two-thirds.
Speaker 1: Just point out two-thirds?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: How do you get rid of the absolute value things? Don't you?
Speaker 2: You put, is less than or equal to 2 thirds, or is greater than, I mean, is greater than or equal to 2 thirds, and then, don't you have like, or is less than, and is less than or equal to, negative 2 thirds?
Speaker 1: Can I see what I did?
Speaker 2: Yeah, but when you have an absolute value, you take the absolute value off, and you put negative two-thirds on this side too.
Speaker 1: First I've just got a common denominator. So I can do that.
Speaker 2: You can't do it when it's an absolute value though.
Speaker 1: Well I did right there. Is that why I missed it?
Speaker 2: Let's see if you want to do that, then at first you bring- So I only did one part of it, in other words. Just bring negative- just bring two-thirds over to the other side. Negative two-thirds over to the other side.
Speaker 1: And make it equal to zero?
Speaker 2: No. No, keep that there.
Speaker 1: But then have- Another one over there?
Speaker 2: Yeah, have is less than or equal to negative two-thirds. And that's no absolute value anymore.
Speaker 1: Let's see, we've never done it like that.
Speaker 2: Let me see if that's how you do it.
Speaker 1: I mean, I'm sure you probably can do it that way.
Speaker 2: I don't know if that's how you do it or not, because I haven't done this in quite as long as you have.
Speaker 1: It's my own fault, I shouldn't have waited. so long to get math over with She looks so tired.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: She's eating a bug. Is that what she's doing?
Speaker 2: I guess. Yeah, that's how you do it.
Speaker 1: You can do it that way?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: Is it the pencil?
Speaker 2: Well, then I didn't get what she got. I guess you can pencil. Well, no, it's not going to work that way. You don't have it in the middle. See, I put it in the middle. Seven halves is greater than equal. But you can't put it in the middle because if it's going to be... If it's going to be greater than that, then it's not going to be less than that. I guess it can.
Speaker 1: God.
Speaker 2: So one way I could do it... No, wait a minute now. See, look what she did. She, um, flipped that sign over. But once you divide by negative two, you have to flip all the signs over. Once you, yeah, because you got that right, it's right here.
Speaker 1: Oh, gosh. I'm just going to skip this one.
Speaker 2: No, you're not. You won't do it. No.
Speaker 1: So I can't start by...
Speaker 2: Uh-uh. I'm not finding a common denominator. You have to have brain.
Speaker 1: Well, I can do find one side by doing that, can't I?
Speaker 2: Yeah, but once you just put the other, put, once you have negative two-thirds on the other side, then you can find a common denominator for the whole thing, and it's going to be the same denominator.
Speaker 1: Well, what's the common denominator of blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah?
Speaker 2: I didn't mean that. I meant once you bring in everything.
Speaker 1: I know what you meant. I don't have to remember us doing anything like that, though. We'll add it on the other side. There's like a way you always can get rid of those absolute value bars and problems, isn't there? Can I use this?
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. Mmm. See? Yeah. Here's absolute values. Right here.
Speaker 1: And it's doing it the way that you were doing it?
Speaker 2: I'm trying to find one like that one.
Speaker 1: See, that's the problem. There's so many different types that I'm sitting here worrying about this one right here, and there probably won't even be one like this on the test.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: There'll be a different one.
Speaker 2: So what do you do? You find an inequality with an absolute value. There's one right there. Mm-hmm. See? I sure didn't see any in the
Speaker 1: See? There's no... There it is.
Speaker 2: See? There it is. As you value that, you brought negative 4 over to the other side.
Speaker 1: That just proves that she puts problems on there that we've never gone over. I know you've never done one like that. Will you do that? Can you only do that when it's less than or can you do that when it's greater than too?
Speaker 2: Yeah. Either way.
Speaker 1: So if it's pointed this way, you just put another one pointing this way over here?
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Check out that one.
Speaker 1: That's a big one.
Speaker 2: That was my thumbnail.
Speaker 1: Now I just get a common denominator for the whole thing.
Speaker 2: We'll take out those things that I screwed up.
Speaker 1: And that just will be six, right? Is that right? Mm-hmm. Now what do you do?
Speaker 2: Subtract 3 in the middle.
Speaker 1: And to which side? To both sides.
Speaker 2: To both sides.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: 2x.
Speaker 1: Um, torn, then after that you have to take out the negatives.
Speaker 2: Yeah, divide by, well just take, divide by negative two.
Speaker 1: Uh, you can't get that by x by itself.
Speaker 2: Yeah. And when you divide by a negative, get the four designs.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 2: And when you do that, it's going to be an or. Because if you look at it, it can't be greater than seven halves and less than negative halves at one half at the same time. So it's going to be either x is less than or equal to negative one half or...
Speaker 1: Thank you. Number 10, how many problems were on this test?
Speaker 2: 12.
Speaker 1: How good. What'd you want to do after this test?
Speaker 2: That's it, thank you. You want to stay some more tomorrow, then, right?
Speaker 1: Oh, definitely.
Speaker 2: Okay, x plus 4 over 3x minus 2 is less than zero. Less than zero.
Speaker 1: Right. Is this the same class I'm taking? Are you sure we're doing work from the same class that I go to every night?
Speaker 2: I don't know. Are we? It's got the same name, but that's about it.
Speaker 1: Okay. How many nights do you start this one? Do you?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think so, but I'm not sure.
Speaker 1: Because the way I started... Did I have anything written on the test? I left it blank.