Speaker 1: Ow. Is he still a virgin? Just out of curiosity. He bought a hooker. Like, was he a virgin when you knew him? I meant, has he ever had a girl where he didn't have to pay her? Oh. He got, like, I told you about the time he got, like, a ball job at the lakefront. No, you didn't. Oh, no way. Um, well, what happened was, I was just, me and Janine, well, let me back up here. I started hanging out with Janine. Janine and I got smashed and we, like, made out at the Lake Fund. I don't need details. By the way, I saw Janine last night. Oh, cool. How's she doing? OK. I haven't seen her in a half a billion years, so. But anyways, we're, like, making out and stuff at the Lake Fund. So that's what we regularly, well, not regularly, did was, like, two, three times, something like that. So after Victor's, after Tom had two women, like, fighting over who he's going to go home with, he went home with this, like, one other girl, like a heavyset girl. me and Janine and all of us were walking downhill, going down where the pier is, except we were going on a big hill. And it's like, me and Janine were used to walking down that steep grassy part and they went around. So we hurried up and went in the grassy part by the tennis courts. It was real dark and you couldn't see us at all after we'd gotten to the level of playing. So we hurried up to this one spot we always went to. We sat and looked around the town, and they were yelling and screaming for us. And they started making out like 100 yards away from us. But there's trees, and they were standing in front of a tree. So you couldn't see them. And we were sitting by a tree so you couldn't see us. So they were making out. And we were sitting there talking and stuff and junk. And all of a sudden, we hear it. and now it's just the damndest noise and it's a very distinctive noise. So I'm like, I know they're not doing what I think they're doing. And we're looking around the corner, I couldn't see anything. And then I saw Tom, I don't know, took a step back or something. I could see Tom or something. I don't know, on this side of the tree. And then I saw a head or movement lower than what I saw of Tom. So then the picture became clear that he's getting a head from this chick. He didn't even know. And it was kind of cool. So I don't know if he... So did he do it or did he just get the blowjob? Just the blowjob. It was getting light and shit at work in the morning. But that's the first chick I ever saw him with here in the United States, otherwise. He's only paid for it, you know. Do you pay for it back home, or? Yeah, it's 50 bucks for hookers. It's kind of a good price. I mean, nowadays here, you'd have to, like, pay 50 bucks, go out to dinner, move evening. You'd have to be real nice. And then maybe, just maybe, something might happen, if she likes you, and if the wind's blowing in the right direction, and no one tripped over anything earlier in that day. Take 50 bucks, go get a hooker, then go out with your friends and have some fun. Oh, you could always go down to that one strip in Chicago. What strip? The one over by Crowbar? No. It's like by the bridge. Okay, what's... There's like a whole strip. There's like that whole strip right there. There's all the classic type of prostitutes. Really? Yeah. It's like if you go in the summertime, it's just lined with them. Wow. Thanks for talking. Just literally in line with it, in line with them. And it's like all these cars are pulled over. And you see all these hookers. And you're going, OK. So one time I went with John and Zeus to Crowbar on 4th of July. And they're all lined out. There's maybe probably about 100 prostitutes walking up and down the street. And I was like, well. Hey, Zeus is like, you need a girlfriend? He was like, no. So, and then there was, actually there's a Russian prostitute in Victor's on Wednesday night. Really? I didn't see her. She was just, she was like standing right by us. And it's cause Mary was like, Oh my God, she always dressed like an alien. And she always looked so goofy. No, I never, I didn't see her. Where was she? She was to my right at the bar and she had these like spandex pants. I mean she did look like kind of like she had a space outfit on. It was like black and it's like the skirt flared up and shit. There's just she kind of looked like a Judy Jetson. I mean she looked really goofy. No, you gotta point her out like Wednesday. And I was like, oh my God, you know, so. I'll bring some extra money. Mary said it's like she's a prostitute. She's really weird too. Wow, that's kind of cool. So anyway, that and then I'll never forget the one time Rob and I went down to Chicago. I went to visit Rob in Chicago. It was a Sunday afternoon. I was like probably like three or four in the afternoon. We're like, let's take a drive around the city, you know, just for Sunday drive. So we're driving around the city and all of a sudden we see the classic hooker. She's got the fishnet stockings on. Obviously, she's like a five dollar hooker. Trying to get her afternoon fix so that she can go get drugs. And she's got her skirt, she had a miniskirt on. She had her hand, and she's like exposing her bush. And it's like, you know, using her tongue and shit. And she's like, she's like coming like this to us. And we're like, uh, keep driving. We're like, oh, that was just nasty. She just looked nasty. Wow. You could have pulled over and said hello. No, but the only hooker I thought I saw, okay, I think I told you about this. Me and Steve Gregg and Tom went to, like, Chicago. Did I tell you about that one? Oh, I love that. Yeah. I remember that. I was like, oh, come on, guys. I'm about to kachaka. Well, yeah, but, no, this hooker was kind of interesting. We were pulling near Crowbar. We were looking for it, pulling out. We saw this hooker across the street, kind of waving us over. And I'm looking at it, and everyone's like saying, yeah, pull over, pull over, pull over. And I'm like, OK, this is kind of cool. So I'm thinking, OK, just for a joke, we should pull over, say something. But then I looked over to the right, and there's this white van, clean white van, in Warehouse District, sitting there across the street from this hooker. And I'm like, no, I'm not going to be on Cops. Because that's what it was. And then she eventually, like, we started to drive away. And then she started walking towards the white van. So it was funny, man. But that's all that we've seen. Oh, now this one, that whole, it was like, you know, when you go, when you turn off the freeway by a blockbuster, you turn left? Mm-hmm. OK. It's like, and you're going straight, and you go over that bridge. Just before you hit the bridge, and on the bridge, until you get to that street that you turn on crowbars online with hookers in the summertime so why don't they like bust them and there are cops there that bust them they just keep going back though yeah they just keep going back it's like now it's too cold for them but uh otherwise they there's like the whole strip is just a classic type of hookers thank you for the inspiration you're welcome i'll share a note of that next time i'm like feeling kind of bored I mean, once it was kind of funny because it was like all these cops are like there, you know, they're like driving. They don't do anything. Some of them, you know, they just keep driving or they'll stop and they'll like talk to the girls or whatever and shit. Did you hear about that cop in Milwaukee? Oh, yeah. I loved that. That was funny. That was hilarious, actually. I don't know if Keri's met me or don't. So what are we doing? We're going to grab some movies and drink. Because it's still early. You're too sober for me. Well, do you want to grab me a beer? Yes. Please? Watch out for the lasagna. No, I like that when you're done. I have lasagna. Did you eat it?
Speaker 2: Oh, shoot.
Speaker 1: Or a mozzotroli. I'm sorry. OK, cool. I was just about to say. We can heat it up. Did you want to get some munchies? That's how it's going to sound. I have cubes, too. Hey, don't not go out this way. Oh, I'm not. I eat Wong's wok all the time. I don't know, did you want to do something like that? Yeah, let me just kind of wake up and liven up a little bit. And put on some clothes? Well, you don't have to put on any clothes. But it's like, you know, it's like I have to also watch Melrose Place. Oh, Lord. I avoided, how long has that show been on, like four years? Well, three or four. I've avoided watching that show for four years. I don't care. It's my favorite show. And tonight, Billy finds out about his little bitch wife lied to him. She told him that she was pregnant when she exhibited all the classic signs and shit. And they told everyone. Well, it was turned out that she just wanted it so bad that that She had signs that she was pregnant. And so now she's like, he's going to divorce her, I think. Thank God. Man. Because he belonged to Billy, or I mean Allison, anyway. He didn't tell me that in Massachusetts, it was like right on top of the beard. I got my hand like five inches deep in his hand. Paper towel? I don't know. I wiped it off my jacket. Now my dog is going to lick my coat. Why is my hand so tender today? I don't know. Usually I keep up on this without help. Shit. One of these days I'll have a really fun drunken new year. Well, maybe next year because I'll be, it's like there's no way I'm working another. It's like I'll be out of I wouldn't mind going to Chicago. Yeah, that's what I want to do. That's going to be my plan. Oh, so far I've talked to everyone. Everyone said yeah, but who knows? The money might not be there. We're planning to go to New York in 1989. Cool. 2000, we're going to be in New York somewhere. You're welcome to come along. That'd be cool. I thought so. Well, hopefully I won't be with Natalie by then. That I hope not. That'll ruin everything. Yeah, my social life is going downhill. Well, my social life is naturally going downhill because everyone I know is getting old. Which really sucks. Shit, football. I hate football. Yeah, same here. Everyone's getting old. No one wants to drink anymore. Everyone's got girlfriends they care about. I know, it's like I don't even hear from Greg anymore. What's up with that? I don't know, he... Kathy's gonna be gone for two weeks, so... So all of a sudden, he's like, he's gonna spring back into our lives, hoping? I don't think so. I don't know, since he heard that I was having problems with my band, you know, he's been calling me a lot more. We've been hanging out and stuff. I just really... That's what pisses me off, cause like, the same thing is going on with, uh... with Marlise. You know, it was like, all of a sudden, here we did all this stuff, and for about a month now, she's had a boyfriend, and I call her. She's never home. It's like, I got a hold of her yesterday, actually. I mean, I even tried to call her on Christmas, and she wasn't there. And now it's like, I'm like, where the hell are you? I haven't seen you in a while. And then she's going out of town in Florida until school starts now on the third. So I remember the story. It all sucks, because it's one thing for me and you to hang out and stuff like that, pictures and whatever. We're at two totally different social levels. I mean, it's easier for women to walk into a bar, not know anyone, and then come out knowing everybody. It's hard for a guy to, because then he comes off like a big, huge pervert. So I'd have to be chasing you around and cranking your style. It's just cool that all girls go and all guys go out. And if you're too social, whatever, at the same bouncing around, know everybody level, it's cool, you know? Because I don't want to sit here and drag you down and stuff and junk.
Speaker 2: Man displeased by the permissiveness of the 70s. And a man who would be done to fear for his family's moral safety.
Speaker 1: Cool. You remember this story? This guy, this is a true story. It took him over 20 years to catch this guy. He might have been shot in his entire family and then disappeared. Because he was afraid that their morality was going downhill. So he shot his mother, his kids, and his wife.
Speaker 2: Oh, and his daughter.
Speaker 1: Uh oh, and the milkman comes.
Speaker 2: I can get him, I can get him. I don't think it's all sick and twisted.
Speaker 1: You know, the last time I was seeing her, it was like last night, I was watching the pictures, and all of a sudden I saw Showgirls was on videotape now. and uh
Speaker 2: cool
Speaker 1: shoot her go look at you
Speaker 2: That was the last time I did anything with Greg, though.
Speaker 1: Oh, and you know what also happens, like they wound up not, they're black, since he like canceled all the stuff and like he pulled, he had said it's like, I know I'm pulling my kids out of school, I'm taking them out for a vacation and shit and all this and that. So no one suspected that the family was dead.
Speaker 2: For how long?
Speaker 1: A month or two months. So they were like laying there in the house and all of a sudden it started stinking and someone walked in the house and found all their decomposed bodies and by this time he had disappeared.
Speaker 2: Despite his fear of imminent bankruptcy, Liz collected $2,100 from the sale of bonds. Then he wrote notes to the children's teachers explaining their absence.
Speaker 1: Cool.
Speaker 2: All that was left was to pack a few belongings and disappear.
Speaker 1: That's rude. After 20 years, they can let the guy go. You know? He killed his whole fucking family though. Yeah, that was 20 years ago. He didn't do it since. At least there's no moral. What? I can't believe your rationale. No, I'm just joking. I would never, like, you know, seriously think about walking up to the pad, someone with a gun, or like, pulling the trigger, or watching your brain splatter all over a nice white, I mean, all over the wall. No one is joking. Just wanted to scare you a little bit. Did you catch the little reference to white wall? You know, white walls? See? Get it? No one's joking. I wish I was at Metropolis yesterday. I think it would've been cool. I think Greg and them would have been a little bit more motivated than the planet. You know, because there's no food, nothing. We didn't have food either. That sucks. New Years are going downhill now. We used to. I think I liked her before. With all her chubby stuff? Yeah. I don't like them bone thin. I think she's ugly. Yeah, still ugly. But I don't like super skinny, raley, rib-poking me in my whatever. I like it when you can poke a female. She jiggles for two seconds afterwards. I like that. I like them healthy. I like them we can sit down. Robust. Yeah. Then I don't understand why you like Rita. Because she's got awesome eyes. Oh. Walkie's a skeleton, man. I agree, but she's got nice eyes. I mean, I like her, but I could never date her. There's a difference for me. I like a lot of people. Like, for instance, your friend. Oh, Beth? Yeah. I could date her. Did you, like, accidentally tell her what I told you to tell her?
Speaker 2: Yeah. What'd she say?
Speaker 1: Well, actually, she was interested in that guy at the country kitchen.
Speaker 2: I know. That sucks. My heart's broken.
Speaker 1: I'm sorry. Now do you see why I didn't go?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: But it turned out he didn't even show up, I guess.
Speaker 2: Good.
Speaker 1: You can tell her I said that, too. And it's got me on tape saying it.
Speaker 2: Damn it. By the time the bodies were discovered listed already been on the run for 30 days. 1963 Chevy Impala was discovered at Kennedy International Airport. All of his identification was in the car. Some thought the car had been planted as a false clue. A year after the murders, a mysterious fire burned the List mansion to the ground. List became the boogeyman for an entire generation of kids in Westfield. Everyone felt that at one time or another that maybe John List had come back to town to pass through or to his former residence or had visited the grave sites. Officers staked out the grave site, but John List never came to visit his family at their eternal resting place. In 1989 Westfield police brought the case to America's most wanted. List had been gone nearly This was the first time that it was done. taking into consideration hereditary factors, looking at photographs of the mother and the father, to see how they aged, and how the jaws would sort of move, and the lines would start to form, and how the hair would also keep the skin. I also aged in the neck area, as you can see here. Frank came up with one last finishing touch, the glasses. On May 21st, 1989, Why don't you leave the country?
Speaker 1: I would leave the country. I'd be pissed off. I mean 20 years you got away with it. I don't know why. Why would you want to stay there? Stay in the United States? I mean if you could commit Perfect crime. Get away with it. Would you stay in the country, or would you leave? It'd be kind of hard to, like, go to another country, you know? Well, I mean, he had, like, $20,000. OK? In 1970. In 70. I was like, so? So I was like, all she had to do, he had to do was, like, get on a plane, go to England, get to work for men and shit. He had a 30-day head start. Yeah, that's true. Plus, he was already at airport with jets.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Anyone wanted to know how List had explained away his past?
Speaker 1: Actually, what he did was tell me that his wife had cancer and she was a very sickly lady. Bob Clark's fingerprints had proved without a doubt that he was John List. But we wouldn't give up the charade. June 8th, 1989, an identity hearing. It was only a three-minute procedure, but it drew a throng of reporters and photographers from around the world.
Speaker 2: June 29th, Lister lost his battle against extradition. July 10th, preliminary hearing
Speaker 1: in Union County, New Jersey. I wouldn't carry my own paperwork. Look at that. I'm guilty. I wouldn't carry that. I mean, it kind of reminds me of that. I'm surprised something like him, you know, like Dahmer and what's his name and that other guy. Didn't happen to him. Because they're like weaker type men, you know, in prison they never survive. And if you hurt women, then you become one. Well, I've been reading those books and it's like, oh my god, it's like they're, there's this one, like they tell like the different guy's point of view sometimes. And this one guy, he uh, well actually they tell like a couple different guys with point of view and the guys get raped too and then they and then they'll like take these butt plugs or whatever you want to call them they'll shove it up their anus and they have to walk around with it and then they have it's like sometimes they'll like stuff this other gig in their mouth there's a shape of penis and like tie it on their face yeah they have to walk and it's like this one got his text say it's like they got sent to the village which you don't want to get sent to the village but they do and they go as like this one guy he gets his master and then he winds up the master fight falls in love with him but he was like like the day before he makes him walk around he's like a human pony and they stick the the thing up his anus It's got like a horse, a tail. And he has to run around the city, like pulling a cart with these other people. Pulling this car around with this thing up his butt. And it's like pruying around like that. That's cool. And I'm just sitting there going, ugh! Ugh! So nasty! Why is it nasty? I don't know. I was talking to my one friend too. Her name's Eve. And she's Iranian. Well, actually, she's quite cool. She's Muslim. She's not a virgin. Oh, she'd be stoned. But she's been raised here. Really? Is she single? No. Actually, her boyfriend's coming in from Morocco. I know. I was just joking. Can I see your Marlboro case or something? Keep talking. Anyway, they ran out of marble lights at work, so I had to go to marbles. And then I'll show you something about these. OK. But anyway, we were talking, because I was telling her about the books I was reading. And then we got on the subject of sex. And I told her, I was like, well, I remember when My boyfriend tried to get me to try it, but I always told him no. Things were meant to come out, not go in, in that hole. And she said that she had done it like twice. She's like, oh my god, I feel so dirty whenever I do it. And it hurts so fucking bad. And that convinced, I'm like, OK. She's like, don't do it ever. Because the one thing that's like, when I kept pressuring me to do it. And she said that like, when you, And the Muslim is like, if you do that, Islam is not considered Muslim anymore if you have anal sex. But I remember a guy telling me once that he had a girlfriend back home, and she didn't want to lose her virginity. They were going to have sex. So instead, they always had anal sex instead of anal. And I'm like, ugh! Ugh! OK, what are you going to show me? This is interesting. I didn't know this until I listened to Def Comedy Jam. This guy was telling jokes about Marlboros and how they're racist. Did you ever hear this? No. You ever notice the Marlboro sign? This thing right here? The whole red thing? The red thing? OK. OK. Now, are you watching me? Yeah. It's a K. There's a K. There's a K. Okay, you with me? Uh huh. So, here's a K. Here's a K. Here's a K. There's no K. Three Ks. Oh. Get it? Never even thought about it. I never did either until I looked at this and I'm like, well there's room enough to put another K here, you know, somewhere. But there's not. Get it? There's no K anywhere else. Three Ks. What is this guy doing now?