Speaker 1: Thank God. Do you have any sharp objects on you?
Speaker 2: No. Keys?
Speaker 1: No, I need like a little pin or something.
Speaker 2: You have anything in your hair?
Speaker 1: No. Fuck.
Speaker 2: What do you have to hit?
Speaker 1: Let's see, this is the whole, oh, oh, oh. Okay. All right. See, it was just
Speaker 2: slow. Okay, this is me. This
Speaker 1: is me.
Speaker 2: Oh, that's right. Smartass. Smartass, all right.
Speaker 1: Oh, they got North America. Not for long. Oh my god, did you see that?
Speaker 2: Player three is aggressive, so he's going to go for everything.
Speaker 1: How do you know? Did I make him aggressive?
Speaker 2: Yeah, you made him aggressive. So he's going to try to tear everything up now.
Speaker 1: That's pretty well secured right there.
Speaker 2: So maybe that's me. I guess so.
Speaker 1: Aw, you suck. Watch this. Loser. What else can we do tomorrow besides go to the movies?
Speaker 2: Go out to dinner.
Speaker 1: I'm so not hungry right now, it's hard for me to think about food.
Speaker 2: Alright.
Speaker 1: I'd like to go out to dinner though. Think we could find a hot tub?
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's a good idea. That's an excellent idea.
Speaker 1: There you go thinking again. I'm gonna whip your butt.
Speaker 2: You think so, huh?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: That's all I get? That's me, right?
Speaker 1: Yeah, you get a percentage of the amount of countries you own. And then for continents, you get another set amount.
Speaker 2: So can I get something on this bad boy?
Speaker 1: Yeah, see? So I hit OK? Yeah, hit OK. So you got one of each kind of card. Oh, OK. So I got? So you got 10. 16? I feel like 16. Who are you going to trounce on? That's you up there, too, right there. That's me right there, too.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah.
Speaker 1: When you take over another person, you get their cards. The MSG in that Chinese food really got me high for a little bit. Does the MSG affect you?
Speaker 2: No, not really. It affects my mother. It gives her headaches.
Speaker 1: Are you gonna attack over there?
Speaker 2: I don't know. 13, that leaves me with 13.
Speaker 1: What if I... You can't move those to there because they're not touching.
Speaker 2: Well, that's kind of bogus.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Maybe I'll move them right there.
Speaker 1: Done. Done. Fuck. Who's this guy? Yeah, of course. I think the first time that it does the card mode, it takes a long time. You remember the last time that's what happened? Yeah. You remember? Yeah. Look at you being smart.
Speaker 2: I'm not smart.
Speaker 1: You're stupid.
Speaker 2: Don't call me stupid.
Speaker 1: All right.
Speaker 2: Look at you with the little armies down here.
Speaker 1: Big armies. I got big armies, buddy. Trying to conquer the world. I'm not going to conquer. I'm going to conquer you. Probably.
Speaker 2: Ooh, he's going to get some problems over there.
Speaker 1: He is indeed.
Speaker 2: Go for that one. Go into Europe. Get Europe.
Speaker 1: Oop, you won't attack me yet. I think I'll stop that.
Speaker 2: I only have that many cards, so... How many cards do you have?
Speaker 1: You only have two, so you can't have it upset.
Speaker 2: When do you get cards, though? I don't understand that.
Speaker 1: Every time you take over a country, you get cards. Whoa attack with a 22 press 22 Oh See look you just got all of his cards press ok bonus. Oh my god. Oh Oh, man, look at that. 27, 29, 28. Don't you fucking attack me. hmm I'm tired.
Speaker 2: Wanna
Speaker 1: go to bed? No, I'm gonna beat you for fuck. This guy is gonna ram.
Speaker 2: Wow. You gotta do something over there, huh?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Oh, I know what I'm gonna do though. Watch this.
Speaker 2: There you go.
Speaker 1: Sucka. Whoa. Wow. Yaha. Yaha. Watch this.
Speaker 2: You really suck.
Speaker 1: Oh, man.
Speaker 2: You really suck.
Speaker 1: Smart. I'm smart.
Speaker 2: Oh, man.
Speaker 1: You can't attack me. Not until the end. Yeah, we have to get rid of that stripe cry for ourself. Is he the aggressive one?
Speaker 2: I don't know what player it is.
Speaker 1: OK, are we not attacking each other until we get rid of the striped guy?
Speaker 2: I don't know. It's up to you. You make the call.
Speaker 1: I'm not going to be able to wipe the striped guy out yet, I don't think.
Speaker 2: I'm not going to be able to either.
Speaker 1: Oh, man, look at that. He totally wiped me out. If I wipe him out, you're just going to wipe me out, which is kind of stupid.
Speaker 2: You can't reach it. Oh. You've got to go through Iceland.
Speaker 1: There you go. What if I can do it? 20, no, you're not gonna be able to get through 21 and 18. You can get, you might be able to get the single one there, but I'd fortify down there because he's gonna attack you again. Look at me, telling you what to do.
Speaker 2: Yeah, look
Speaker 1: at you. I'd put all your guys like right around there though. I dunno. Ohhh, sick. You're of course gonna win. Oh my god, here you go. Oh, you got him.
Speaker 2: Yeah. So it's just you and me, babe.
Speaker 1: What's new?
Speaker 2: Oh, let's see.
Speaker 1: Oh my god. You suck! I'm gonna waste you.
Speaker 2: Is that you right there?
Speaker 1: Yes. 28, friend.
Speaker 2: The hell is that?
Speaker 1: This sounds like it's right in front of my house, doesn't it?
Speaker 2: Yeah, it does.
Speaker 1: Uh-oh, what happened?
Speaker 2: I don't know.
Speaker 1: Oh, you don't. What does that mean?
Speaker 2: I don't know what that means.
Speaker 1: Oh, you can't do it after your turn is over.
Speaker 2: Oh, dang.
Speaker 1: My turn. I best have some cards. I shouldn't have done it, that was dumb. That was dumb, fuck.
Speaker 2: Oh no. Oh no. Oh my god.
Speaker 1: Fuck. Look at that! Look at that. You suck.
Speaker 2: Oh, I can't attack that shit.
Speaker 1: Damn it. Look at that. They won't let me lose yet. One more. Fuck. My eyes are getting heavy. Okay. shuffling the cards all right tell you what i need to do here has to happen oh no way i'm gonna just look at my cards here please all right but i got a new one Now if I can just get to the next... Thank you very much. For what?
Speaker 2: I just took over Iceland.
Speaker 1: Oh, fuck. How about I was kissing you, you traitor. Oh no! I'm so hurt. I was going to win the next hand. Quit. Yeah. You're so happy with yourself.
Speaker 2: I'm just happy that I beat you.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah. The big stuff, huh? Yeah, big stuff's all my Stanford stuff.
Speaker 2: Now what, backgammon? What's hearts?
Speaker 1: Hearts, it's the card game.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah? Put it up there.
Speaker 1: Wanna play hearts?
Speaker 2: Let's check that one out. Neat. Wait, play Nohorus. I've never played hearts before in my life.
Speaker 1: You've never played hearts?
Speaker 2: No, I don't
Speaker 1: know how to play it. Oh, okay. I'll teach you. Passing disabled, that's you. First lead rotates first, yeah. Always pass left. Alright. So this is us. Every heart is one point. The queen of spades is 13 points. The object is not to have any points. And you play following suit. And if you take tricks, the highest card of the suit takes the trick. If you don't have the card of the suit, you throw whatever you want. okay so hearts and the queen of spades are the only thing that have points so we got like three points right here we have three points in our hand exactly and we want to try to get rid of that right but we're passing now the first thing you do is you pass three cards to your left now these are low hearts so i can i'm not going to pass those i'm going to pass the four of clubs These are too high. Why? Because you should always pass a club so that the person, so the first hand, everyone has a club so that they can't discard a heart. You always assume that no one is void of a suit the first time around so you don't have to worry about throwing a high card. And then I'm going to throw two high cards so I don't take those tricks. But what difference does it make if you take a trick? They're not worth anything. Because if I take the diamond trick and somebody didn't have diamonds and they threw a heart into that pile, I was going to take that with that ace. so if i throw an ace of diamonds and somebody doesn't have any diamonds they're gonna throw a heart on me and i'm gonna have to take that trick okay but but if they play hearts that doesn't that doesn't win anything okay just go ahead all right so i'm passing three three cards and i got seven of hearts three of hearts in the kingdom of spades begin play The two of clubs always leads. I'm going to throw the ace of clubs, assuming I'm going to take this trick. Okay, and everybody, so it's kind of risky playing the king. But I'm going to assume everyone has clubs still. Okay, because there are 13 cards, I'm assuming it's an equal deal. Now there are eight clubs out, that means there are only four more left. So you don't, so you want to play a high, high diamond. yeah exactly like a high diamond so jack of diamonds okay take it okay so now the spades now this is a tricky one now if i have a high spade now i'd throw it because i could take this trick and my high spade would be out now i don't ever want to take the queen of spades high spades are dangerous because you might queen of spades is a hard card to get rid of so if yeah okay now i don't have oh i do have well you're in a good position now because you've seen what everybody else has played Right, that's why. Diamond. So you have to play a diamond, right? Right, there have been no diamond. Has there been a diamond trick? There's been one diamond trick. Yeah. Only one though, right? Yeah. Okay. yeah you played your ace okay now it was lead the spade was lead but there's a heart in this trick so i want to get under the seven because i don't want to take this trick because there's a heart okay but that's easy because i only have two spades and they're both under seven so you would have taken that if i had an eight so now you can still get into that two he's got an eight now listen okay now two different people took hearts now if you have all if you take all the points If you take all the points, all 13 hearts and the queen of diamonds, it's called shooting the moon and you give everyone else 26 points or else you're minus 26 points. And that's good. Shooting the moon is really hard to do. Now look it, I don't have a club. So you can throw a high heart. I don't have a club. Now, somebody else did take hearts, right? Or am I mistaken? I thought someone else did take hearts. I think somebody else did take hearts. Queen of spades is going to have to come up. There it is. Did he just shoot the moon? I thought someone else did. No, gee, I see. He got, Groucho got one heart, and Chico got 25. So he's kind of bumming right now. So he sucks, right? OK, so pass three cards. So we want to pass. Alright, pass. We're gonna pass the king of spades. King of puppy dog's feet.
Speaker 2: How come you don't pass a king of clubs?
Speaker 1: I might. I don't have any aces here. I'm gonna pass a low heart. Just so they can't shoot the moon. I got the ace of hearts. Okay. Two of clubs. King of clubs. Aces out. So my queen is the highest there. All right, my jack is the highest there.
Speaker 2: So you want to play the knot.
Speaker 1: Well, I'll do it.
Speaker 2: So you took that one. But that doesn't make any difference.
Speaker 1: Right. Now the two. See? All right. Now the diamonds are at wasted. All right. Did you just take that heart? No. Groucho has the... Spades were led, so you play... Spades was led the 8th! Can you play a club if spades were led and you didn't have... but if you had hearts? Yeah, I can play anything. So why don't you just get rid of high clubs? Right, I'm thinking I'm gonna know. Harpo's gonna take this, so the points are split now. So I don't have to worry. Now the queen is the highest, so. The two of hearts is a great lead. You can't lead hearts unless hearts have already been dropped also.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Oh shit. Oh fuck. I took a point there. I'm gonna take all the rest I think. How can you? Maybe not. I'm gonna take all the rest. Fuck. I just got like seven points. Shit. Eight. Alright, I have no spades. This is a really good hand. I have no spades whatsoever. It's really good. I'm gonna try to shoot them on.