Speaker 1: Here's a nice place to put my shoes.
Speaker 2: Yeah there it is.
Speaker 1: Mom look.
Speaker 2: Unhunh what.
Speaker 1: Look at my shoes.
Speaker 2: They look like the phantom stairsteppers. Hunh.
Speaker 1: Nono, it looks like the Invisible Man.
Speaker 2: It does look like the Invisible Man. Ohho burp. That felt good.
Speaker 1: Wasn't there a guy called the Invisible Man?
Speaker 2: Yes there was.
Speaker 1: Was he in a movie?
Speaker 2: Yes he was.
Speaker 1: What was it called.
Speaker 2: The Invisible Man. It was kind of a show kinda like The Shadow was. You know it was a, Actually though, I think they made a remake of it, with Chevy Chase, that was really lousy though. Steven. You know what you could do, that would be just really helpful?
Speaker 1: Say it.
Speaker 2: You could take these Coke cans, and put them in the bag full of Coke cans that are in your bedroom, and then we can do can squish. And squish em. For the recycling bin. Okay?
Speaker 1: Tomorrow please, my feet are hurting.
Speaker 2: Tomorrow? Well can you just put em in the bag, in there for now, okay?
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Cause I gotta clean up in here, this place is just totally trashed, cause I've done nothing this week but, study and be sick. I've got a really bad dental problem. Or something with my mouth.
Speaker 1: Poor Mom.
Speaker 2: Think I've got a sinus infection or something. Don't Steven.
Speaker 1: Mmkay.
Speaker 2: Please. I know it's tempting. What I'd like you to do is put those cans away please.
Speaker 1: Where Oh there they are.
Speaker 2: Yeah, there they are.
Speaker 1: A one. A two. Let's make the.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: The statue of Coke.
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: The swinging.
Speaker 2: You're just a swinging kid Steve.
Speaker 1: You don't know the half of it.
Speaker 2: I don't know the half of it, do I. Yeah, Oh man. Hey Steve, why don't you give your iguana a little bit of banana too, he'd probably really like some He'd probably really like some banana.
Speaker 1: Thanks for XXXX Mom.
Speaker 2: Oh and I think this is Robbie's shirt, and his uh, HarleyDavidson scarf. Right?
Speaker 1: Hmm?
Speaker 2: Isn't that Robbie's shirt, and uh HarleyDavidson scarf from this summer? I wanted to give that back to them, tomorrow, when we go over for his birthday.
Speaker 1: I need to get Robbie a um present too.
Speaker 2: Yeah, what do you think he'd like to have.
Speaker 1: but we could go over to Toys 'R' Us.
Speaker 2: it seems to me I brought the Toys 'R' Us catalog back with me.
Speaker 1: It's right over there.
Speaker 2: Okay,
Speaker 1: It's over there.
Speaker 2: why don't you have a look at it, and see if, anything comes to mind, for something you think Robbie would like to have, for his birthday.
Speaker 1: Well I have some things in here for Christmas,
Speaker 2: Yeah, I know you probably see things in there that you want for Christmas, but right now we're thinking about him and his birthday. And I gotta get started on this chicken pizza or, if anybody actually takes me up on this and comes
Speaker 1: There's coupons in here too Mom, so, Mom there's coupons in here, so we can get some things.
Speaker 2: Mhm, Really?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Are they good things?
Speaker 1: Yeah. And there's um, also, there's also a Nickelodean free, um box there.
Speaker 2: Really.
Speaker 1: And it's with goodies and coupons.
Speaker 2: Oh wow.
Speaker 1: And that's why I wanna get that. I know something that Robbie may like? Let me try to find it.
Speaker 2: Yeah unhunh?
Speaker 1: It's a Yack Pack.
Speaker 2: Is that um, full of yucky stuff? Or what.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Are you sure?
Speaker 1: No. It's kinda like a tape recorder.
Speaker 2: Oh. It is.
Speaker 1: See you um, Like you tape record your dad saying,
Speaker 2: Unhunh,
Speaker 1: And then there's this girl on TV, and you play it, and it And the girl says,
Speaker 2: So is it kinda like one of those Talkboys, like that was in,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: What do you call it, what was that How much would something like that cost.
Speaker 1: Um, let me look for it. It's in here. Cause I circled it. Okay it costs, nine ninetynine.
Speaker 2: Are you sure?
Speaker 1: Yeah. that's it.
Speaker 2: Well we could probably afford that, hunh?
Speaker 1: Oh wait a minute. I think it says twelve ninetynine.
Speaker 2: Twelve ninetynine?
Speaker 1: Come over here and look. And
Speaker 2: Alright. Hang on just a second honey.
Speaker 1: I think it says, it says th, twelve ninetynine, and then right here it says Yack Pack, nine ninetynine.
Speaker 2: Ah.
Speaker 1: Maybe it means Yack Pack one, and this is Yack Pack two.
Speaker 2: Yack Yack Pack two.
Speaker 1: Two.
Speaker 2: Unhunh,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Hunh.
Speaker 1: Should we get it?
Speaker 2: I don't know. Why don't we go to Toys 'R' Us tomorrow, and we'll, uh, Research it. We'll see,
Speaker 1: There's also a um,
Speaker 2: What it says they are there.
Speaker 1: Yeah it does. And there's
Speaker 2: Cause I really don't know, it's hard to tell you know, if I can afford it, unless I know exactly what the price is on it.
Speaker 1: There's also some movies I want.
Speaker 2: Really. And what are those.
Speaker 1: Like Batman Forever,
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: and The Santa Clause. With Tim Allen.
Speaker 2: Who was it who was saying they were gonna buy the movie Casper the Ghost today? Was that Jack?
Speaker 1: Zach. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Ah.
Speaker 1: And And Mom, you know what the fun, the It's kind of a game, except um you,
Speaker 2: Unhunh,
Speaker 1: you ask your cosmic questions, oja? Oija?
Speaker 2: Ouija.
Speaker 1: Ouija.
Speaker 2: Yeah like a Ouiji We used to call em Ouija boards. Oh god my head hurts.
Speaker 1: Did you like it?
Speaker 2: Oh. Hunh?
Speaker 1: Did you like it?
Speaker 2: Yeah I used to love Ouija boards when I was a little girl. I thought they were really fun. Course we always asked em questions we already knew the answer to.
Speaker 1: Like what, your homework?
Speaker 2: Oh man. I feel like my brains are gonna to come out.
Speaker 1: Like that?
Speaker 2: Hunh?
Speaker 1: Like man, my brains feel like they're gonna come out?
Speaker 2: Well, I've either got a sinus Really bad sinus infection, or I've got an impacted tooth, or something. But my My head hurts all the way up my nose and, my teeth hurt and, basically I just, am a mess babe.
Speaker 1: You don't know the half of it.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Robbie does like remote control cars. I see lots of em in here.
Speaker 2: Oh does he? He likes those?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Well his Dad's into that too,
Speaker 1: But
Speaker 2: cause he's into those HarleyDavidsons and stuff. Isn't he.
Speaker 1: Yeah but, there is something in here that
Speaker 2: Unhunh,
Speaker 1: The Doctor Dreadful drink lab.
Speaker 2: The who what? The Doctor Dreadful drink lab. Oh boy.
Speaker 1: Yeah. He makes some really, nasty drinks that taste great.
Speaker 2: Really? This place is such a mess. Hey Steve, remind me tomorrow when we go shopping? That I wanna get some potting soil.
Speaker 1: Yeah,
Speaker 2: Cause I wanna put these uh, geraniums, in a pot. Because, why they aren't dead I don't know, because all I do is take them to the brink of death all the time and, and somehow they manage to keep surviving me, and all my neglect. But I wanna get em in a pot. Because one of em's gonna flower. It's so pretty. And if they were, you know, in a pot with good soil and water, they'd be just beautiful. They'd be, up and rolling. See if I can find the recipe for my Malaysian chicken pizza. Man, I had the longest day at work today. Just took forever. Okay. Mm burp. Let's see I gotta find my recipe. This'll be the tough part. Geez I'd lose my head if it wasn't sewn on. I hope nobody I almost hope nobody does show up for this thing, cause I'm not at all ready.
Speaker 1: Now look I got the sniffles.
Speaker 2: Do you honey? Got a cold going?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: Look at Sneaker Mom,
Speaker 2: I'm sorry.
Speaker 1: look on his hand, he's shedding on his hand.
Speaker 2: I'm know, he is shedding on his hands. You're right.
Speaker 1: He's such a boy.
Speaker 2: He is. I wanna put some grow lights in here for him, heck, There we go, there's my pizza recipe, Um,
Speaker 1: he's not sitting on his feet,
Speaker 2: Well I got the heat turned Oh Steven, that reminds me. I've got the heat turned on in here, so we've got a gas heater, in here. So every once in a while it'll fire on and you'll see like, flames go on or something, don't be scared, but don't mess with this here, and this plate in your bedroom. Steven,
Speaker 1: Mhm?
Speaker 2: The landlord's gotta put a vent over it. Come here, I wanna show you. Please come here.
Speaker 1: Mhm?
Speaker 2: Don't touch this cause you could burn yourself. Okay?
Speaker 1: With the gas heater
Speaker 2: Don't touch this, And don't mess with this uh pipe here at all, cause that's where the gas goes through. Okay?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: So with that in mind, cause that's not up
Speaker 1: XXX.
Speaker 2: That's not up to building code. Um, the gas guy, when he came in he told me, that's not code, and he said it wasn't that it was unsafe but, we still need to be very careful about it. Alright?
Speaker 1: Alright Mom.
Speaker 2: Did you hear me okay?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Okay. So come here, what do you want me to put on your pizza. Steve.
Speaker 1: SNAP_SNAP
Speaker 2: L2 Esteban L2.
Speaker 1: SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP
Speaker 2: You're gonna have pepperoni, and stuff on your pizza, or are you not hungry right now.
Speaker 1: I want some L2 pepperoni L2,
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: Some hmm.
Speaker 2: Mhm. Okay? You want mozzarella?
Speaker 1: What's that.
Speaker 2: L2 Mozzarella L2? That's that white cheese that gets all stringy and melted?
Speaker 1: You mean the one that I Kinda like um Figaro?
Speaker 2: Hmm. I'm making Malaysian chicken pizza. Where are you.
Speaker 1: No chicken pizza.
Speaker 2: You want No, it's wonderful, Steven, it's better than Well,
Speaker 1: SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP_SNAP
Speaker 2: I know peanut butter seems weird to have on pizza, but it's really good.
Speaker 1: I said
Speaker 2: Come here please.
Speaker 1: You said chicken.
Speaker 2: Yeah I know. Oh man, I forgot to get the Pam cooking spray. Doggone it.
Speaker 1: COUGH COUGH COUGH COUGH
Speaker 2: Do you need an asthma treatment?
Speaker 1: No. Just got a cough.
Speaker 2: Are you sure?
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: Did you give Sneaker some fresh lettuce?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Okay. I've got chicken cacciatore here too honey, that I can heat up for you if you're hungry. If it takes too long for me to make the pizza.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Okay?
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: I know you're probably hungry. Tell you what, I'll make your pizza first, cause yours is easy to make. And then I'll make this fancy one second.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: That way you won't have to wait very long to eat. Cause I don't know, I don't know if, These people may not even show up. they're kind of flaky.
Speaker 1: Think they'll ever I think they'll just stay home.
Speaker 2: Well I don't know.
Speaker 1: There Here it is Mom. The free Nickelodean treat box.
Speaker 2: Free
Speaker 1: READ Bring this coupon to Toys 'R' Us, and get your free Nickelodean treat box.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: filled with goodies and coupons READ.
Speaker 2: Mmkay. Mmkay, we're going to make yours, quick and dirty kid. Let's see. Where's that stuff. Aw man, This stuff can go over here, so Steve, you going to a computer lab now, at the Hemingway Learning Institute? Is that fun?
Speaker 1: Hmm.
Speaker 2: Yeah?
Speaker 1: Well I never Well I didn't go last Friday, because I forgot.
Speaker 2: Oh did you?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Cause it just started huh,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: I'm not sure if they counted me.
Speaker 2: Oh I don't know babe. Did your dad go to California this weekend?
Speaker 1: He's He just le left today before I woke up.
Speaker 2: Oh, he left this morning? California?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Kay. Steven, do you know how to grate cheese?
Speaker 1: Grate cheese?
Speaker 2: Yes.
Speaker 1: You don't know how to Mom?
Speaker 2: I beg your pardon?
Speaker 1: You don't know how to?
Speaker 2: I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
Speaker 1: Do you You don't know how to?
Speaker 2: No, I do know how to. I'm wondering if you would like to grate some cheese to put on your pizza.
Speaker 1: Sure.
Speaker 2: Or are you enjoying just looking at your catalog. You don't have to do that if you don't want to.
Speaker 1: I'll grate em. wants to
Speaker 2: Mkay. We're gonna need to put sauce on the uh Oh boy my face hurts.
Speaker 1: first?
Speaker 2: Yeah. I've gotta
Speaker 1: Okay, I'll wait until after that.
Speaker 2: Well, putting sauce on it's real simple. All I have to do is open a can, and dump it on. It's We're doing things very simple tonight.
Speaker 1: Mom, they have costumes in here too.
Speaker 2: Do they have a Tick costume, that you wanted?
Speaker 1: No, they don't.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: They have Spider Man, Jaws, a gargoyle, a ninja, clown and a witch,
Speaker 2: Unhunh,
Speaker 1: I think the clown, or the ninja would be good.
Speaker 2: Well would you wanna be a clown or a ninja, instead of the Tick? Or
Speaker 1: I wanna be the Tick.
Speaker 2: Okay. I think the Tick's pretty classy myself. I was telling everybody at work, that you wanted to be the Tick for Halloween, and they thought that was cool, cause everybody at work watches the Tick, and they like it too. I thought that was pretty funny myself,
Speaker 1: That's That's That's really amuses me because, you know, did they think he's really dumb?
Speaker 2: No, they think he's very funny.
Speaker 1: I know, that's why, he's so dumb that he's funny.
Speaker 2: Yeah, he's kind of a,
Speaker 1: Showoff.
Speaker 2: Yeah, he is, I guess.
Speaker 1: Arthur's better than him.
Speaker 2: Hunh,
Speaker 1: At least Arthur has brains.
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: What
Speaker 2: Arthur's the moth. Right? He's the
Speaker 1: Um, they um call him the funny rabbit.
Speaker 2: A bunny rabbit?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Does he look like a bunny rabbit?
Speaker 1: Yeah, and his little long ear things.
Speaker 2: But I mean, he's supposed to be a moth in real life. right?
Speaker 1: yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Aw man, we gotta get rid of some of this stuff, I've got more stuff in here than sense. Okay, Okay. Oy. Now where are we at. I still haven't found the sauce. Okay. Oh I gotta take some Tylenol.
Speaker 1: Yack Pack two. READ with playback and record, speed adjustment point six READ,
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: READ second memory. Batteries included, ages seven up READ.
Speaker 2: Hm. Really.
Speaker 1: It's from Yess Entertainment.
Speaker 2: And you think that's what Robbie would like for his birthday more than anything. Hunh?
Speaker 1: I'd say so.
Speaker 2: Okay, Well then that's what we'll get him, if that's what you think. I think that's nice that, they invited you to his birthday, Yeah I'm glad you guys got to be friends. Where in the heck did I put that that pizza sauce.
Speaker 1: Pizza sauce? Maybe I put it in the fridge.
Speaker 2: Oh do you think you might've? Cause I can't find it any place. It's driving me crazy.
Speaker 1: Okay. because some of them I put them over here. What's here. You mean this? Pizza sauce?
Speaker 2: Yep, that's exactly what I was looking for.
Speaker 1: It was right here.
Speaker 2: Thank you babe.
Speaker 1: Maybe you're getting blind, Well at least you're my mom.
Speaker 2: Hm yeah.
Speaker 1: Mom why is the green ball out there? Did anyone play croquet or?
Speaker 2: You know that ball's been sitting out there forever.
Speaker 1: We're also missing a black one. But that wasn't Robbie's fault.
Speaker 2: Alright. One pepperoni pizza coming up. Kid.
Speaker 1: Thank you Mom.
Speaker 2: You're welcome.
Speaker 1: Hey Mom.
Speaker 2: Hey what.
Speaker 1: guess what they had on movie back there, um, at um Albertson's.
Speaker 2: I give up, what'd they have.
Speaker 1: I'll give you a hint. It's the, the guy who wrote it, was the same person who wrote The The Secret Garden. Give up?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: A Little Princess.
Speaker 2: Oh, that's right.
Speaker 1: It's also on video on here, in Toys 'R' Us.
Speaker 2: Mhm? Now for some reason that didn't do real well at the movie theaters. Did it. What in the hell is this.
Speaker 1: Hunh?
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: No Mom. It did great.
Speaker 2: In the movie theaters? It did?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Hunh. For some reason I was under the impression that it didn't. That it didn't do that well honey. But, I could be wrong. Oh man, Hey Steven? Come on over here, I want you to grate this cheese for me. Okay? You know what to do, Do you know how to You know how to do this?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I just scrape it.
Speaker 2: Okay. So, yeah. don't Don't get your knuckles all bloody though. You know you gotta be careful. Okay. And I'm gonna take this pizza crust off the dish rack here so, This kitchen is so small.
Speaker 1: Mm. Mm. Mm.
Speaker 2: You know I kinda hope nobody shows up, cause this place is such a dirty mess.
Speaker 1: I hope they too. I look like a mess too.
Speaker 2: Nah. You look great.
Speaker 1: Slice. Slice.
Speaker 2: I'm glad you were good for Jack and Joanne too, when they drove you over. That was nice of them to do.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Was it hard sitting in the back of their truck, They gotta pretty small truck, hunh.
Speaker 1: Well, Shred said, And, you know, Missus um Taylor said, No Shred, there's no room.
Speaker 2: Unhunh?
Speaker 1: There was only room for me and Zach. And we were on opposite sides from each other.
Speaker 2: Ah. So did they put Shred in the front seat between them?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Poor Shred. And guess what,
Speaker 2: What.
Speaker 1: Shred chased a um ground squirrel.
Speaker 2: He did. Did he catch him?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: Zach Zach caught one. Except it bit him.
Speaker 2: Uhoh. Hope he has rabies shots. How was their soccer game. Did they win their soccer game? Or,
Speaker 1: I didn't ask.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: He Um someone said,
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: That was probably Shred on the corner, I said, I looked around and, n I shrugged. Probably the wind I thought.
Speaker 2: Ah.
Speaker 1: It was actually Shred saying,
Speaker 2: Mhm. Is your grandmother feeling better?
Speaker 1: Yeah, she wanted to go home and sleep. afterward.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Well she's supposed to go to the Dixie Land Jazz Festival this weekend. One of the venues. Or something so.
Speaker 1: She did, um, yesterday and,
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: me and Grandpa had a hard time trying to track her down. She told Grandpa to, To get me, and bring me over there. And then we could not find her.
Speaker 2: Unhunh? Oh. Well that's usually pretty crowded and busy over there.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Down to two cheeses Mom.
Speaker 2: Okay. So did your dad take Mary Ann with him to San Francisco, or did he just go by himself.
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Speaker 2: You don't know?
Speaker 1: I don't I don't know why he even, he even went there. He did not tell me.
Speaker 2: Mhm, I think he just wanted to get out of the Valley for a while and, have a break.
Speaker 1: Hunh?
Speaker 2: I said I think he just wanted to, I think he just wanted to get out of the Valley for a while, I think he just needed a break. He hasn't really had a vacation.
Speaker 1: He has, with Mary Ann.
Speaker 2: Oh did they go on vacation?
Speaker 1: One time, yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: Mom, does that look good?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker 1: Some of them went through right here.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Well that's fine. you know what, let's open that box of, or that package of pastrami, pepperoni,
Speaker 1: Let me put these on there.
Speaker 2: You wanna put the You want the pepperoni under the cheese, or the pepperoni on top of the cheese. Okay,
Speaker 1: so,
Speaker 2: Yeah, sprinkle the cheese around. That's a good idea.
Speaker 1: SING Hot salami hot salami hey, hot salami for you, Salami hot salami hey hot salami for you SING, Mm. Bugs Bunny used to sing that.
Speaker 2: Yeah I remember that from the Bugs Bunny show. Hunh.
Speaker 1: That one. That I rented, I I like those ones.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Then my favoritest one, was when um, it was the Daffy Duck one, Quackbusters?
Speaker 2: Mhm? Mhm?
Speaker 1: That was my favorite, Or there's one, where Bugs Bunny was talking to that vampire. you know,
Speaker 2: Oh, where he was,
Speaker 1: I used to crack up,
Speaker 2: where he would turn into the bat,
Speaker 1: well he said,
Speaker 2: and then he would turn into the umpire,
Speaker 1: he said, uh he said, He
Speaker 2: and, umpire. he says,
Speaker 1: he says, Well hocuspocus. I'm an umpire. He said, Well hocuspocus, I'm a bat. I'm a bat too. Abracadabra. SING, would you. Whack.
Speaker 2: Silly. Do you want more cheese than this, kiddo,
Speaker 1: Mm,
Speaker 2: Does that look like enough?
Speaker 1: Let's put little bit more.
Speaker 2: Let me let me cut some more off, Let me move these dishes into the sink. Okay here, slide over, this is really kind of a tough kitchen to work in, cause it's so teenytiny, and I have all my books and everything on this counter too and,
Speaker 1: Slice.
Speaker 2: stuff, Okay. Yeah, okay. And I'll open up the Pepperoni, I'm tired.
Speaker 1: hot salami.
Speaker 2: Boy.
Speaker 1: You were gonna say hot salami.
Speaker 2: No, I was gonna say pastrami. Instead of pepperoni. It's because I'm having a dumb attack.
Speaker 1: No you're having a mom attack.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I guess so.
Speaker 1: You are entering the mom zone.
Speaker 2: Mom zone. How's Robbie doing.