Speaker 1: Okay, it's time to go out now we're closed we're closed We are closed now. Please leave. These kids came in and I was like we're closing in a few minutes so we'll wait until you pick this up because they didn't really want to buy anything they just wanted to look. And I said, OK, we're closed, out. And so I was moving them, like making them go out. And they were trying to be cute and say sweet things and to stay in.
Speaker 2: Lots of student types.
Speaker 1: Yeah, a lot, but they're mostly families. And so the kid said, well, are there any other, what time is it 11? I said, no, it's 10.30. It's past our closing time, actually. And I said, well, are there any other, what are the other bookstores open in town now? I'm like, come on, it's 10.30. This is the latest thing open. It says ice cream stores and bars. And then some other guy came in. I felt kind of bad, but I guess I'm glad I said what I said. There's some guy came in who, He looked like a student, sort of a student type, but very nicely kept, friendly looking. And basically he needed a place to stay because he ended up in town with $20 and he couldn't get to Amherst because of no car and no buses and no hotels are open and etc. He wanted to know if he knew anyone who would put him up. I referred him down to Paul because I felt like I wanted to. But this isn't even my thought. Well, that's a better thing I should talk to John about. And I also just wasn't quite comfortable. It doesn't seem that I would have been comfortable, I think. I don't know. Je ne sais pas. Oh, the other thing I found out, I was returning a book on cohousing.
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: And, um, Paul, and... Well, first Paul said, I have this friend named Sarah in Hartford, and she has this place, deals with co-op, what was it? Co-op initiatives. And, um... Nice, ooh, sword. She deals a lot with alternative kind of housing and co-housing and housing for disabled people and stuff. So we were talking about that. And then while we were talking about that, um, I came to buy something, and she gave me the name of this other Amherst architect who started two co-housing developments in this area. It was just so funny. And Jen and I put a note in the log, in the book checkout thing, because I wrote down the name of the book to check it out. And she put a note that said, oh, neat, I've got a friend who's in a co-housing place in Denver, in my college. I think it was in Denver.
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: This feels pretty wild.
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: I have to pee. OK.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: Put your shoes first. I'm so tired. So tired. I didn't buy any books. I couldn't sell what I wanted and then things just got too hairy and I just didn't think it was the right time to buy a book. You got more stuff for your dad. What kind of stuff?
Speaker 2: computer access places. And I also fiddled around and figured out how I can get things to print out too on a page. Let's take up less paper. I need a magnifying glass, but I think it's okay. And better light.
Speaker 1: Yeah, we have to get a light. So it seems like a fairly basic one that we could dress fairly. He's like, I was thinking we should walk down some time to the to the lighting place down by. Why don't you just go? I want to do things orderly. I used the rest of the orange juice, but I put the taffy in her back in the fridge so that we don't have to wash it. You can just make orange juice tomorrow. Okay.
Speaker 2: So far the cheapest place I've found many here is in Portland, Oregon. How much is it?
Speaker 1: It's
Speaker 2: like $6 a month.
Speaker 1: It's okay. See the thing is this light, it's cute there. it's not particularly practical there i mean light does come from there but if you're going to sit there to read you need light next to it put it on the other end maybe it's aesthetically pleasing that radiator tilts So I got to look at the copy of Dante's Inferno. It's a new translation with 20 different contemporary American poets, got different cantos, translated them. So it's neat, because there's these poets that are like, and they've done translations of these different cantos or cottos or whatever. And um, they, well it's expensive, it's expensive but it's hardcover. And it's nice. And it matches kind of this bath book, this scented bath book that I wanted to get. But I wasn't planning, I don't really need it, I don't need either one. I wasn't originally planning on getting the Divine Common, the inferno one. But the way they look together is very nice. Those two books together. I was thinking it's sort of an aesthetic thing but it would be nice to get them together at a time where I'm going to have a little vacation so I could sit in a bath and have my scented bath and then I could read. I realize it's a little bit far out but it seems like there's something else I need to put the Alexander Stoddard book back They returned, I think they returned, the one that creating a beautiful home one. The one that I had that had the blue and red writing. Oh, uh huh. It's not there, it's not in the inventory anymore. If that makes sense. Uh oh. Maybe the paper that's laying out, so they want to give the heart that cover back? I don't know, I was very disturbed. Uh oh. I can always order another one if I need to. Is it a program you're reading?
Speaker 2: This is just a list of the places that offer you a service.
Speaker 1: Oh, that's cool. You may as well turn the spreader plate around.
Speaker 2: Which one?
Speaker 1: The one that just looks kind of decrepit.
Speaker 2: That one? Yeah. Maybe, I think it would probably do better if it got its babies trimmed off.
Speaker 1: I think we thought about doing that in the springtime. I thought we'd replant them.
Speaker 2: Yeah, but I think there's more babies than we need.
Speaker 1: Yeah. We've got three new babies that I could replant, but I haven't.
Speaker 2: I know. Yeah, the other plant over there has lots of babies.
Speaker 1: Oh, I've lived in Orlando today.
Speaker 2: Really?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Do you think you want to meet up together? If that interests you at all? Because if it really wouldn't, if you're just saying that to make me happy, then I'd never know. I think it probably wouldn't. It's not going to be fun to read out loud. I don't want to start it if we're going to read it together.
Speaker 2: I don't want to start it on my own. What if it would be less abstract than the... Yeah, there's a lot more conversation.
Speaker 1: There's a lot more in the book. Like the part where she falls on the ground.
Speaker 2: It's a bit easier to follow.
Speaker 1: And says... I Am Nature's Bride.
Speaker 2: Uh huh.
Speaker 1: She also says several other things. And there's also commentary from the narrator.
Speaker 2: Uh huh.
Speaker 1: After that.
Speaker 2: Uh huh.
Speaker 1: So I kind of like the movie better that way because it gets the point across.
Speaker 2: Uh huh.
Speaker 1: Simply. So. Yeah, there's more in it.
Speaker 2: Your basic account near net is $250 a month.
Speaker 1: That's a whole lot. Let's see what Smith connects. Actually, it's a phycologist. Oh, I wanted to call Jenny. I think you want to call Jenny. Yeah, you can call Jenny. I'm tired. Why do you have to call Jenny? Jenny, why? Jenny, why? Jenny, Jenny, Jenny. Jenny, Jenny. because I wanted to ask her about the magazine she sent. Did I tell you that the woman who just spoke here missed you?
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: She did the art here, and other art, and it's said in here that she does clipart for different kinds of liturgical things. And I found there's two books listed under her name besides this one, but they're clipart books. One is for feasts and celebrations, and one is for something like that. They have neat titles.
Speaker 2: You just need to get yourself a clipart book and a scanner.
Speaker 1: And a scanner?
Speaker 2: What would I do with a scanner?
Speaker 1: computer and make your things with them. Oh yeah, then I wouldn't need a Xerox machine and tape and glue and stuff.
Speaker 2: Yeah, see, you could scan them and then you could make them different colors and sizes and things like that.
Speaker 1: Different colors and sizes, but I'd need a color printer. Yeah. How much is a color printer?
Speaker 2: You can get a color version of the pink right now for $500.
Speaker 1: Would it be good?
Speaker 2: Reasonable.
Speaker 1: Look at this. Who does this go to? We have to go far away though. $399 gracefully styled queen and queen recliner with cherry finished legs. Do you want a queen and queen recliner?
Speaker 2: Mm-mm. Why not? I already looked at those.
Speaker 1: You didn't like them?
Speaker 2: Not really.
Speaker 1: You could put them in different colors too. You don't have to get the high aqua. And I could probably get Reclining Love Seat. Reclining Sofa? Since when were they started that?
Speaker 2: I'm sure they looked through like serious catalogs and stuff like that and there was these Really amazing complete things, you know, with built-in tables and storage and refrigerators and coffee makers and all that sort of stuff. Whoa, I'm tired. You know, it's so cool with a built-in entertainment center.
Speaker 1: That's amazing. Can we turn this away?
Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1: You sure you don't want to get a huge, big bed?
Speaker 2: What time did you come home?
Speaker 1: 11 o'clock.
Speaker 2: What time is it now?
Speaker 1: After 11 o'clock. I'm going to be rich this week. It's like $11.25. Hey, still too many books? What to do? What to do?
Speaker 2: I think we're going to read the second funny myth book.
Speaker 1: Which one is that? Oh. It's kind of neat because it's got little articles by different people. It's another one that doesn't keep a great deal of attention. My very own Smith alumna, or like... Alumnae? Alumnae?
Speaker 2: Alumnae. I remember when I graduated and I got a full explanation of all the variations on that. I started off by saying that alum is a chemical, not a graduate.
Speaker 1: Alum? Alum. Alum? Alum? Hello? So... Check color in your garden. See what her name is? She wrote it. Who?
Speaker 2: Of course, she wrote it.
Speaker 1: Penelope Hobhouse.
Speaker 2: It should come over here where it's lighter.
Speaker 1: I would have to move to do that. I should have more water, I think. I should have to move for that, too.
Speaker 2: Oh, my life is so hard. you
Speaker 1: There was a very small screeny squash squishy. So I heard it. I just heard it. I couldn't see it. His parents were hustling it out the door. That blue water. Do you wish for more water? No. And Emma, Maxine's little girl, she said things to me today. She looked at me, she smiled at me, and she talked to me.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Because they're all three new things. Because usually she goes like this. I don't know if she sees them.
Speaker 2: She doesn't want to look at them.
Speaker 1: She doesn't know. She's a girl in there except for mom. So her dad brought her and she came behind the couch and she said, Mom, I'm gonna sit here, Mom, okay? And I said, okay. I'm gonna help you, Mom, okay? This kid's like two and a half. And she sang all her ABCs. Maxine said that she printed the fair yesterday and she won some prize that older kids can win. She's a very bright kid. And um, but that was true. She was, Did she like having kids? And she said, oh yeah, she would give them up for the world. And she said, she wasn't planned, but you know what, she just thinks she's great. And she said, after I started saying ABCs, I said, wow, that's amazing. Another three could be ABCs.
Speaker 2: And I said, that's wow, that's insane.
Speaker 1: She said, me too. This is very amazing. There's lots of them. Lots of Christmas songs from all different languages. And then they translated it into English. And it tells about them. I think we should get it. What do you think?
Speaker 2: I don't know. I haven't seen it. Well, the cover's not very pretty.
Speaker 1: But the inside is pretty.
Speaker 2: Well, I'll have to see the inside, too.
Speaker 1: Well, you better come tomorrow. OK. You can start learning Christmas songs there. What comes to see you tomorrow at work? Yes. That would be nice.
Speaker 2: hmm