Speaker 1: You know, it was really pretty straightforward this morning. And I thought you did a good job all the way through. I mean, you were on top of it.
Speaker 2: You were scanning. Should have kept that one horizon forward, Jeff, just to keep him on the right. Why did you switch him? Well, looking at something, it didn't seem like I could get someone else out to provide a good service.
Speaker 1: Well, I guess that's one reason that 2-8's kinda... 2-8's kinda nice sometimes because on 1-10 all the departures seem like they're going off to the left, so you really want your arrivals on the right. When you land a 2-8, you can get departures off almost both at any time, so you almost got a hole. But don't feel bad about keeping a horizon on the right for it because it sure doesn't hurt them to taxi and they're so used to having a number one service.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's when they're departing. Everyone wanted their bike. Even one or two of them said, I'll advise if the left becomes available. They said, we'd like the left if it becomes available. I know, they still ask.
Speaker 1: And Viking is the same way. So there's sure nothing wrong with keeping them on the right, though. Travis Guache, we discussed. So radar service for me, call me inbound. You want to say rate of service terminated, frequency change report back inbound. I think that's something a little more like that's better than just saying rate of service terminated because he's kind of... And you can just say rate of service terminated, report back inbound, and then he'll either come back and say, oh I'm departing the area, not back to Hillsboro, or I'll call you back inbound. So that gives you an idea. And along with that, Let TC do more of the work for you. Just tell her what you wanted to do.
Speaker 2: I was thinking of a couple of instances where you could have used her more than you did. I was thinking it for my rundowns. That would have been a help, but on the other hand,
Speaker 1: Oh, thank you very much.
Speaker 2: Did you hear that?
Speaker 1: The problem with doing rundowns is that it's kind of over in your face.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1: So the D light's kind of pretty far over to the left there.
Speaker 2: You can ever do it if you want. I'm just working at doing as much of these other things as I possibly can. because there'll be times when I won't have a TC and just challenging myself. What were some of the things that I should have used before that I didn't use?
Speaker 1: Depending on who your TC is, if certain people sit down there, they have a tendency to do everything for it. And sometimes that is really pretty nice. All you have to do is stand up and look out the window and look at the bright and talk. no other coordination or arts functions or anything, that really is nice. It really helps the situation. So, but right now, like you say, maybe it is better for you to do some of that stuff.
Speaker 2: I don't think there was, I mean I had just a couple that I switched to the left, you know, maybe three or so that I switched to the left, probably two or three, until there was that. I didn't have any arts entries. I had traffic watch to slew out to for the most part I mean I was able to I think I was able to keep up with that stuff with the arts yeah I mean there was really nothing much to do so but there could be yeah there's VFRs to party yeah I told it to do my VFR guys and right now my VFR is something I gotta kick myself to do Now we're still required to write like the empires that come in through the gates of VFR, don't they? We are. Any VFR. No, isn't that, aren't they when they, but what if they've, well I guess we have no way of knowing if they've come to
Speaker 1: IFR and then canceled VFR. Well yeah, because they have a strip on it downstairs, so I don't, actually, I'm like you, I don't really know what the point is of that, because we do have a record of them anyway, but when the, order came across or whatever it is, a memorandum that said to write down all VFR rivals. So if they're a VFR rival, you're supposed to write it down. When Horizon 138 didn't ask you there? Go back to ground? Or did we run into something else? I mean, you tried him a couple times, you say Horizon 138, pull him down out of here. They don't get the hint if he's... But if you can't get him, Just go on and do something else that you can do. Uniter was calling ready to go. So shoot, just let Uniter go. Horizon, you can't do nothing with him, so just have him hold there. So just go on to the next. Next thing, and do tell ground. He might be still in ground frequency, which is usually not too likely because At that point he was out there and he's probably sitting there and he's not hearing anything from the tower. You know he's probably looking at his radio about then.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think I was a little bit rigid in my planning of that because I wanted to have a plan to get him out at that point and should have been more flexible.
Speaker 1: Everything else I saw your separation was was really good this morning. I mean you really tightened him up Maybe a couple times almost a little bit too tight because a Couple times you had like one just barely departure in a jet at the parts when you clear another jet for takeoff And it worked out great. Oh, we got the retina Oh that both guys have the less guys off the left and worked out good, but I think it worked out because I This guy was real slow on starting his departure roll. You know, usually you gotta get him just a little bit off the departure end before you clear the next guy. And watch out for the 737-400s, the 300s, because they'll really climb and they can go fast too. Just take into consideration the type of aircraft. It takes a 727 a little while to get wound up with a 737. But I mean, it was really good. Good departure separation. Thanks. I was impressed. And you saw a little bit about the 260 heading. I listened to the readbacks for him. Yeah. Because I know he said 230. But you can wrap him around to 130 or 160 to avoid the MVA. And that looks great, because otherwise you've got 260. There was that one time you had two South Plan aircraft and one I actually didn't think you were going to have three miles between the two first southbound area, but you did. That was perfect. And that was good. It was real good planning to keep that one caravan on runway heading when you had the other one going 260. to ensure that you had the one going 240 or something. And then you had the metro going 260. You kept the metro on this runway heading, which is really good planning.
Speaker 2: So I'm less and less impacted, for lack of a better word, For some reason with all these, I think the bulk of my planning seems to evolve around these little guys when I can turn them, fitting in with all my other guys. For some reason, I mean, and that is, you know, those guys having a very effective part in the whole fan of all our departures. And I think they're affecting me less than they did in the past. Does that make sense? Because there was a time where, I mean that sequence was good too, but there was a time when it may happen again. I've got these little west coasts in here and all these guys off the right. Where am I actually going to fit these guys in? And they're all calling ready way early.
Speaker 1: Well the sequence can't be too bad when you can feed from Charlie and from Bravo and from Alpha. You know, the sequence can't be too bad. I mean, all he did. He had something you can do. Yeah. All he did was send them all out. I mean, you got all the West Coast in the row over on Charlie. You got the Jets in a row on Bravo. And you got various things over here. So you can pick and choose. I mean, as a ground control, you can just send them all out there. And then when they get there, then you can start arranging the strips. You know, the way you want. Almost.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: It works great.
Speaker 2: Because you don't have to sequence them at some other point in their taxi route.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: They're essentially on their own taxiway up to the approach room.
Speaker 1: So that was about all that I had. I mean, I was paying pretty close attention there, and I didn't really see much of a problem, any significant problems to talk about. Oh, don't always, don't insist on always saying 700.
Speaker 2: If you say... At some point after he is leaving 700, just wait until he is leaving 700. Sometimes you can hit it. There was a couple times you didn't need to say it when you did. He either waited just a bit.
Speaker 1: If he was out 500 climbing, just go ahead and say turn left heading 160. I was watching Jet Speed come in. You got Delta out in front of Jet Speed. It seemed like you were a little tense with that. really pay attention to the speeds when they come in. He was doing 120 outside of Laker there. Did you see that? Yeah. So that worked out great. Yeah. I mean there was lots of room. Lots of time. He wasn't flying as a normal. For some reason he's usually, or is it, exec jet?
Speaker 2: One of those guys is usually really fast. Jet's too, I know, fast on departure it seems. Yeah. I think it seemed like that was the one. Yeah, and flight when they fly the other jet. Yeah, I think I might have said for Delta Manager to no delay or something like that. Yeah, I think he did. He was actually floating at the jet speed, wasn't he? Yeah, he had a lot of time.
Speaker 1: When the twins get airborne, you got a jet falling, the twins gonna go southwestbound? If you got 6,000 feet and the twins climbing out of four or five hundred, you can start your transmission then to the to the jet. Twin Cessna heads will be turning south westbound momentarily. Runway 28 leftover takeoff. This is in sight. Just to make sure he gets his turn in.
Speaker 2: The caravan's coming across. If you want to get... Yeah, what do you say? Because I've heard different phraseology and I feel like I was stumbling over that. I think I said it a couple different ways.
Speaker 1: A mile west
Speaker 2: or something.
Speaker 1: I just say, you know, on a day like this it's so easy to see him. I would just say the caravan ahead is southwestbound, runway 2 at leftover takeoff. And a lot of times they'll say out in sight. If they don't say in sight, they'll say, ugh. I would assume they have them inside because they won't go unless they see them. I mean, that's important to them to see the traffic. But it's safe. It's a safe operation. Because one thing you could do is turn the caravan to 240. You get him across, and then you support your ship and send him back to 250 or something like that. Because the tracks wasn't what's important. But 250 was working out fine today. 15 degrees in a mile is what you need. Or less, using visual.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think it was the West Coast that was the horizon. He said he could do the visual with the twin sus, and they had always a vice versa on one of the two. And at that point, I said, don't need it now. I got it. Somebody in there? I think Laura went in there.
Speaker 1: I'm flying for you. OK.