Speaker 1: Hello.
Speaker 2: How's my favorite girl in the world?
Speaker 1: Hey, baby.
Speaker 2: Who's the girl that I love? Who's the girl that I'll do anything for? I'll wash her feet with my mouth. Oh, honey. How are you? After a 10-mile run. Ew. I would.
Speaker 1: Ew.
Speaker 2: I would.
Speaker 1: Ew. How are you, honey?
Speaker 2: Oh, I'm doing good. I miss you. I miss you, too. That's my favorite girl. I'm good. Is she okay? Uh-huh. Are you guys having fun? Yes. I'm so glad. What, are you going into purr mode? Oh, gosh, we kept missing you, huh? I know. It's been a while. It's been a long time. It's been so long. i know you missed like all the drama here no drama yeah there was such drama there was drama and there was suspense and then there was relief and then there was ecstasy no well not the ecstasy ecstasy of sorts well see i the reason i have i kind of i wasn't inclined to call you because i just wanted to give you enjoy your time yeah you know like i felt like totally you know so that's there are a couple of times I wanted to call you and I did it for that reason yeah well the thing was I hadn't told you but my period is really late you know and I guess we would talk and then we'd hang up and then I thought oh gosh I forgot to tell you I've been meaning to ask you really you haven't had it yet? no I mean it's been so long and so it's like eight days late and I thought I'm sure I'm pregnant I'm positive and I was waiting till June got here to even try to check and so we went to go get an EPT at pregnancy test and then we that's why we were calling you last night you know what happened and then of course it came out fine so that came out negative yeah so that's the relief and the ecstasy so You can't be pregnant. No. I don't know. Unless it was a false negative, which I doubt. That's rare, right? Right. I think that would be really rare. So, you know what I mean? Like, can... Would it come out negative? Say, if you were pregnant and it's early, early stages? Mm-hmm. Like, would a negative... You know what I'm saying? Like, could you... Is it possible that you could still be positive? I think there'd be a slight chance of it being a false negative. But I don't think so because I'm pretty late and I think I'm late enough where I would have enough of the hormone that the pregnancy tests for. I think I would have enough of that in my urine that of course it would show up if I had any in there. So I took that as a pretty good sign. Oh my god. Honey, how come you've been keeping all this inside? I know. I didn't mean to keep it inside. I mean, I didn't mean... Don't you love me? No. I didn't mean to not tell you at all. It was just we would hang up the phone, then I thought, oh yeah, I forgot to mention that I'm kind of late. Because I didn't think it was a huge deal. But then, I guess I wasn't trying. I think I was in a bit of denial. Like, I wasn't really thinking about it much. You know, because I knew once you got here, then I would go get the test. So is that all the drama? That was the drama, and that was the suspense, and that was the relief, and that was the ecstasy. Really? Uh-huh. Oh, honey. Little bunnies going through the whole wide spectrum of emotions. You're doing it without me. You're going solo on this. I'm going solo. This is different than solo. I know. I thought it was so funny last night. Like, what if it came back positive? And then that would mean the next time I talked to you, I'd be telling you that I was pregnant. And then I thought, gosh, poor James, like I hadn't given you any, like, you know, like I hadn't warned you or anything and it would have been such a surprise. Totally. Oh my gosh. I was even going to bring the camera into the bathroom to take a picture of the EPT because I thought... you know it's like such a momentous occasion like when it came out positive and then i thought of course like i know i wouldn't have it or anything but i thought if the slight chance i would have it and it really became a person someday wouldn't they love to see the photograph of the ept with the positive sign on it knowing that that was like its first sign of life oh my god I know it's kind of... Kind of spooky. It's not my idea of a good time right now, sweetie. Sorry. Maybe somewhere down the road, but right now it kind of makes me sick. I know, I know. Me too, me too. I was very... But it was just thought that went through my head. No, that's a very cute thought. Let's chalk that up. It's a very cute thought. You know me and cameras. Oh, honey. So how are you? You know what's even better? What? You can do like a self-timer. The self-timer? With you right next to it. You go, I'm the mom. You know? Oh, gosh. Next to the results. Oh, gosh. Right. And that could even send it to EBT. Yeah. And use it for advertising. In fact, I could send it to you because I have it. The test right there. Oh.
Speaker 1: Anyhow. So how are you outside of that? Good. Good. We had such a nice day. It's really beautiful here.
Speaker 2: It is?
Speaker 1: Uh-huh, like 70 degrees and sunny. And we walked around. We went to a park. And we just talked and talked and sat in the sun. And we had such a nice day. We went out for dinner with Joy.
Speaker 2: Oh, what a joy.
Speaker 1: And we just got back here.
Speaker 2: Great. So you've been relaxing.
Speaker 1: Uh-huh.
Speaker 2: Do you have school?
Speaker 1: Yeah, well, I had school on Friday.
Speaker 2: Oh, I see.
Speaker 1: Yeah, and I have it on Monday, too.
Speaker 2: Gotcha. And Jill's leaving tomorrow?
Speaker 1: Uh-huh, she's leaving tomorrow night.
Speaker 2: Oh, so you guys have been having a good time.
Speaker 1: Uh-huh, such a good time. It's so good to see her.
Speaker 2: Staying up late.
Speaker 1: Uh-huh. We stayed up till like 3.30 last night.
Speaker 2: What are you guys doing? Talking or something?
Speaker 1: Just talking. Just talking. Just talking. We have a lot to catch up on.
Speaker 2: I know, I know. I'm just kidding. What have you been up to?
Speaker 1: Nothing.
Speaker 2: Nothing? Just homework. yeah I just played basketball at main beach and I talked to this Asian guy who's 26 years old and he's a very sweet guy just moved to Laguna and we just got hit with one of those conversations where he's talked about everything like real political and everything from Norm Nixon that's the basketball player I said Norm instead of like president From Nixon to Rush Limbaugh to abortion to capital punishment. It's so funny because he's a Catholic and I nailed him on the contradiction. He's pro-capital punishment and pro-life. Try to explain that to me, I don't understand. He said he's pro-capital punishment and pro-life. To me that's a huge contradiction. And he said, he justified it as, well, see, those little embryos, they don't have a decision. They can't make a decision. You know, and they're going to die. This is what he was saying. Yeah, and he said that, you know, people who commit crimes, you know, that calls for the death penalty, they brought it upon themselves. Oh, wait, Jeff, can you hang on just a sec? Yes. What did he say? Oh, you are? OK. OK, I'll come over. Where's Jill going? She's going next door to Ravi's. Oh, has she been clicking with your friends? Yeah, we're going to go hang out there. With who? We're going to go hang out next door at Ravi's. He's having some people over. Oh, Ravi with the kitty. Right, Ravi with the kitty. My sweatshirt, I put it back in the closet. Has she been digging your friends? Uh-huh. Yeah, we spent some time up on the upfolded up there high. Yeah. We can't talk to both of us at the same time. Okay, I'll come next door. Julie's going next door. Bye, Julie. She goes by. Yeah, we hung out with Donna and they hit it off and we went out to dinner with Joy tonight and she's met everybody. Great. Yeah. How does, how's Julie, how's her state of mind? Does she seem at peace with herself? Is she happy? Uh-huh. Oh yeah, she seems really good. Yeah? Uh-huh. Okay, now tell me the stuff that she doesn't want you to tell me. Now that she's gone. Now's the chance. Yeah, because remember, you're my girlfriend before you're her friend.
Speaker 1: Oh, sweetie.
Speaker 2: Remember, you can spend the rest of your life with me. I'm your partner. I know there's stuff that you want from me.
Speaker 1: No, nothing.
Speaker 2: You said, let it out, honey. Come on, sweetie. Come on, honey. Let it out like a good girl. Like a good girl.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: You're such a little giggly monster.
Speaker 1: Just when I talk to you.
Speaker 2: You just need to be cuddled. You need to be squeezed and caressed and loved. Aw, I miss you.
Speaker 1: You do? Yes. Oh, I miss you too.
Speaker 2: You know what Rob's doing?
Speaker 1: What?
Speaker 2: Rob decided that he just needed a vacation or something. Uh-huh. he took off for Big Bear.
Speaker 1: You're kidding.
Speaker 2: I had no idea where he
Speaker 1: was going. All by himself?
Speaker 2: All by himself. And he found a cabin, he called me, he found a cabin like overlooking Big Bear Lake.
Speaker 1: You're kidding.
Speaker 2: And it's like just the cabin with like four beds in it. But, you know, because nobody's up there now. So he got up for fifty five bucks a night and he's staying there for a few nights.
Speaker 1: All by himself?
Speaker 2: All by himself. He just wants to be up in the mountains. He wants to ride and just you know just you know get in tune with himself.
Speaker 1: Did he want you to go with him?
Speaker 2: Oh no I couldn't go. I think he was trying to get a girl to go with him. So he went from like the romantic sexual getaway to you know soul searching bond with nature type of deal.
Speaker 1: Right. I hope he's not disappointed.
Speaker 2: I know. Oh no that sounds great. I mean that sounds It reminds me of us.
Speaker 1: Mm-hmm,
Speaker 2: getting away like that. Just get away. I'd love to. You know, I was talking to Carrie tonight. I gave Carrie a call. At Michael's?
Speaker 1: Uh-huh,
Speaker 2: and she was so miserable because she's studying. She only has two weeks left.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: Two weeks left, and I was just thinking, gosh, and then she has off, and she has vacation, and oh, it just sounded so good.
Speaker 1: Would she? Oh, she must be so excited, though.
Speaker 2: Well, she sounded really bummed, actually, just because school is so tough right now.
Speaker 1: Uh-huh.
Speaker 2: But yeah, only two more weeks. That's a fast medical school year.
Speaker 1: Uh-huh. Wow, when did they start?
Speaker 2: It was really quick. I think, like, mid-August.
Speaker 1: Mid-August.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Or maybe the beginning of August.
Speaker 1: Maybe the beginning. Wow. Did she ask you about what you thought of Michael and stuff?
Speaker 2: No, she didn't. We didn't talk long at all. She had to go, like she was in the middle of studying.
Speaker 1: Oh,
Speaker 2: yeah. Like she was serious. She's serious. Yeah, she's totally serious. Good girl. Yeah. Oh honey, I miss you.
Speaker 1: I miss you too.
Speaker 2: I miss looking into those eyes.
Speaker 1: Aww.
Speaker 2: And smelling those thighs.
Speaker 1: Aww.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I miss you a lot. It's hard when Jake and me talk about you so much. No, you don't. Yes, we do. You're just saying that. No. Are you serious? Uh-huh. Wait, you really do? No. Really? We do, but it makes me miss you more, you know? Do you say any
Speaker 1: bad things about me?
Speaker 2: Us?
Speaker 1: Who, us?
Speaker 2: No,
Speaker 1: that's the wrong crowd, huh? Well, give me the highlights.
Speaker 2: The highlights?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Of what we talk about you?
Speaker 2: Yeah. Let me think of some good ones. Condense it down to a minute. Okay, we said something so funny today and I thought when you said it, it captured you so well and we both laughed because I think it was just so funny how well we both know you. I guess we were talking about, I don't know what came up, we were talking about TV or television shows and I mentioned, yeah, you like to watch MASH? And she laughed and said, yeah, can't you just picture Jeff sitting on his couch and watching MASH with some orange juice with ice cubes? And we started laughing and she went, that's the slice of heaven, like little piece of heaven. And we just thought it was so funny because it really captured you. We both know you'd be sitting there with orange juice with ice cubes. Only I haven't had ice cubes here since September. Are you serious?
Speaker 1: Yeah, because you know how big the freezer gets? I just don't even bother. I just keep it at a high temperature or I keep it really cool so it's cold enough for me.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: So you're absolutely right. I drink orange juice,
Speaker 2: but I go through like a carton of orange juice every two days. Honey. Impressive, huh?
Speaker 1: Oh, the old lady. She just looked at me. And you know what I just realized? She looked at me. She's walking down the stairs. She looked at me and she didn't see me.
Speaker 2: Really?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I waved at her and she just kept going. Maybe if there's a reflection or something. What a body she has. It's incredible. Our body's going to do that. It's like she's evolving, you know? It's kind of weird, huh? The whole cycle of life, what a fucking trip. I know you get excited about things like this too, but did you read in the paper about the planets circulating around other stars?
Speaker 2: No, what about them?
Speaker 1: There's proof. What's the word that goes before proof? Irrefutable. Irrefutable. What's the word that goes before proof? Thank you, honey. That was so good. What a good team you are. I could just see myself, like, lecturing to a bunch of people and like, oh, honey, by the way, what's that word that goes before? Irrefutable. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Thank you very much. What would I do without her? Wouldn't that be funny? wouldn't that be funny? Like if someone was lecturing and they said, is my wife here? And she raises her hand. Honey, what were we talking about the other night? Wouldn't the whole place just laugh?
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: I think that's so funny. Okay. Anyway, can I run this by you really quick? There's the scientist that came up with irrefutable proof that there are they found two planets circulating around a star in the universe, outside of our solar system.
Speaker 2: Really? Which made me think, you know how we've always talked about life being out there? There has to be, because there's planets evolving around various stars and stuff just like ours. But I never knew that that was just a theory. You know, a theory that there were planets going around other stars. You mean you actually thought that we had seen this before?
Speaker 1: No, actually I didn't. I just thought that it was like pretty much factual.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, not at all.
Speaker 1: So, you know, so it's kind of like a leap of faith, you know, that we've always thought that, you know, I mean, like like a scientist who can't really prove it, like they make this leap of faith, you know, they just assume right? That there were planets around other suns, right? Right. Just by the sheer numbers, they thought, well, what are the chances? You know, if we have billions and millions of stars, then chances are, you know, even if it takes like one in a million chance for there to be another planetary system, well, like we have millions and millions and billions of opportunities to have that happen. So I think that's the whole thing. Like Carl Sagan would always go, yeah, billions and billions, like, He would say that.
Speaker 2: Uh-huh.
Speaker 1: I think he would say that. But yeah, so anyhow, like, in what galaxy? Like, what solar, like, what galaxy was the star in? Santa Barbara. I'm not sure. I don't know the details. But anyway, what it made me think about was the fact that, you know how you always, this might sound
Speaker 2: a little silly, but you know how, like, you, like, I'm very passionate about certain ideas. You know what I mean? And then you're more scientific or you're more open to other possibilities. Even with people. But you would ask, how do you know for sure? And it's like, I don't know, where was I going with this? And now here it is. Here's the factual proof. and so I can be satisfied. Just to show you that you can make an assumption and you can assume something that feels really correct and it turns out to be that way. Sure, some of the time. I feel like you also felt that, I don't know, you could feel something that wouldn't be proved right yeah but no but i think it's so exciting honey i didn't see that in the newspaper it's okay sweetie it was more exciting when i was thinking about it the other night no it's so exciting i mean i know my whole idea about I mean, it's so exciting that I don't even believe you. I think it's that exciting. Oh, my God. Don't believe me? No, it's so exciting that I feel like I want to go read it in the newspaper for myself. I can't believe it. How come it's not on the news? I know. There aren't parties now. They've been studying the two planets and their patterns and how they They circle their star, and they think that those planets can't sustain life. Oh, just from the distance from it? No, from their surface, the planet's surface. Oh, they can see that? Well, it's weird. They pick up heat waves. Obviously, they can't really see anything. The only way they can tell that the planets are out there, like they can tell the stars are out there just by radio waves. You know what? God, that's so incredible. And heat waves. It's unbelievable how man has, you know, like... From this little point in the whole universe, like, we've been able to tell so much just with science. I know. Isn't it wild? Just with... Oh, that's so incredible. That sends me out there. Wow. Totally. Oh, wow. That's so exciting. Oh, honey, you're not pregnant. No. You were convinced you were pregnant? Well, I only got convinced the moment before I was waiting for the results. Like, all before that. Well, I'm late, but I don't feel any of the symptoms. And I got so nervous right when I was taking the test. I was kind of not treating it, taking it that seriously. Cause it's just, it's such an unbelievable concept to think that maybe I would be pregnant. So I wasn't really believing it. And then, but the moment that I did the test, I got so scared. Oh my God, like this isn't kidding around. Like what if I am? And it's a distinct possibility. And I got so scared. Like, you know, I didn't cry, but it was here. Like, it was so scary. but you know we were watching it and it didn't turn blue or you know so it was you know it was are you sure it would have been mine you know i would have denied it if you he said it was mine i was messing around with the repair man honey honey i'm just kidding love You'd sure learn a lot about me if that happened. Oh honey, that would just like ruin your whole idea of who I am, huh? It would just like, I'd just blow up everything that we had if I was that cruel. If you just refuted it? If I said no way. I'm not taking any responsibility. If it's mine, then it's your fault for getting pregnant. Oh, God. Oh, no. Do you think we'd be able to make it through that? I don't think so. Would you be able to look above that? Forgive that. Just let that one thing pass?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: No way. I wouldn't let you. Well, I just want you to get pregnant so you can see how I'm gonna take it. I'll love you and support you.
Speaker 1: Send you some money? Great!
Speaker 2: Oh, sweetness. What a pain in the ass that would be.
Speaker 1: I know.
Speaker 2: You know what? I think out of anything, it would just be that that would bother me. Just like, I don't have the time to deal with it. Like, you know, like, what is the pain in the neck? We have to be really safe this summer. Well, I'm gonna go and look it up. Oh, honey, are you sure? Yeah. Yeah, totally. It's... Yeah, what are we gonna use? Condoms? Well, they're coming out with condoms for women.
Speaker 1: Right.
Speaker 2: Well... I would never in a million years expect you to wear something like that, honey. I swear to God. I saw one. The most contraptions ever. Yeah. I just saw one the other day, actually. They're strange looking.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: We had a woman, a physician, come and talk to us about all the different kinds of contraception and to tell us about RU-486. Is that the drug? To tell us about that and Norplant and the side effects of everything. It was so interesting.
Speaker 1: Wow. Is RU-486, is that going to be implemented?
Speaker 2: Well, it's not available here in the United States. France, England, and Sweden.
Speaker 1: Are there people trying to make it law here?
Speaker 2: I think so, but I just think politically I doubt it will be for a while.
Speaker 1: Such a bummer. That would be so great if people could get that and stay away from those pro-lifers throwing things at them.
Speaker 2: you know it's really i think i'm gonna go like rescued because she's been there and she's really doesn't know anybody and you know okay honey you're choosing you can choose oh honey oh i'm so glad you guys are having a good time yeah oh it's so great it's so great oh give her a hug for me okay it's almost surreal having her here you know just because