Speaker 1: Hi sweetie.
Speaker 2: Hey.
Speaker 1: This is kinda open.
Speaker 2: Yep. How was work?
Speaker 1: I'm so tired.
Speaker 2: Tired.
Speaker 1: It was It was okay, I left my bag there. I left my bag, and all my money, and all my things.
Speaker 2: Now the ghosts'll get it.
Speaker 1: They that's okay. Um, ten thirty, there were probably thirty people in the store.
Speaker 2: Good grief.
Speaker 1: We're like, okay, it's time to go out now. We're closed. We're closed. We are closed now. Please leave.
Speaker 2: Turn on the fire alarm?
Speaker 1: I Turn on the fire alarm, that would do it. These kids came in, and, I was like, we're closing. In a few minutes, they said, well we'll We'll wait until you kick us out. Cause they didn't really want to buy anything, they just wanted to look.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And I said, okay, we're closed. Out. And, so I was moving them, like making them go out,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: and they were trying to be cute, and say sweet things, and To stay in.
Speaker 2: Yeah, lots of student types,
Speaker 1: Yeah, there are a lot, but there are mostly families,
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: umm, and so, kids said well, are there any oth What time's it, eleven? I said, no it's ten thirty, it's past our closing time actually. And, they said, well are there any other That what are the other bookstores open in town. Now. I'm like, come on. It's ten thirty. This is the latest thing open besides ice cream stores and bars.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And, some other guy came in, I felt kinda bad, but, I guess I'm glad I said what I said, there's some guy came in who N he looked like a student, sort of a student type but, nicely kept. Friendly looking. And basically needed a place to stay because, he ended up in town with twenty dollars. And, I mean, couldn't get to Amherst, cause of no car, and no buses, and, no hotels that were open and,
Speaker 2: You mean buses weren't running then?
Speaker 1: et cetera,
Speaker 2: Hmm.
Speaker 1: and he wanted to know if I knew anyone who would put him up. And, I referred him down to Paul. Cause I just, and then, I felt like, oh I wanted to,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: but at the same time I thought, well that's a talk to John about?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And I also just wasn't quite comfortable?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: But at the same time, I would have been comfortable I think. So, I don't know. L2 Je ne sais pas L2. Oh the other thing I found out, I was returning the book on uh, cohousing?
Speaker 2: Uhuh,
Speaker 1: And um, Paul? And, well, first Paul said, oh I have this friend named Sarah in in Hartford, and she has this place that deals with coop, what's it, coop initiatives?
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: And um, they s Oo. I'm sore. Oo. She deals a lot with alternative kinda housing, and cohousing, and housing for the sake of people and stuff.
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: So we were talking about that, and then while we were talking about that, um, a lady came to buy something, and, she gave me the name of this other This Amherst architect, who started two cohousing developments, in this area.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: It was just so funny to, and, Jen and I put a note in the log,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: in the book checkout thing?
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: By my the So I wrote down the name of the book to check it out, and she put a note said, oh neat, I've got a friend who's in a cohousing place, in Denver. In like I think it was in Denver.
Speaker 2: Uhuh.
Speaker 1: So it was pretty wild.
Speaker 2: Uhuh.
Speaker 1: I have to pee.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Oh P my shoes first, I'm so tired. So so so tired P. I didn't buy any books. I couldn't decide what I wanted, and then, things just got too harried and I, just didn't think it was the right time to buy a book.
Speaker 2: Mm. We got more stuff for your dad.
Speaker 1: What kinda stuff.
Speaker 2: Umm, computer access places.
Speaker 1: Like places you could plug into?
Speaker 2: Plug in to get email and stuff. And I also, fiddled around and, figured out how I can get things to print out two on a page.
Speaker 1: Oo.
Speaker 2: take up less?
Speaker 1: Unhunh?
Speaker 2: You need a magnifying glass, but,
Speaker 1: No I think it's okay.
Speaker 2: In better light.
Speaker 1: Yeah we have to get a light. Y Oo I have to go to the bathroom really bad. Here.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Take this back. I gotta take my sock off. Be right back.
Speaker 2: Yes lighting is an issue, that needs to be addressed in this house.
Speaker 1: So, it seems like a fairly basic one. That we could address fairly easily, I was thinking we should walk down sometime to to the umm, eeya eeya eeya, to the lighting place, down by,
Speaker 2: Mhm, why don't you just go.
Speaker 1: Well because I wanna I wanna do things orderly. Sorry. Scott?
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: I used the rest of the orange juice, but I put the container back, in the fridge. So that we don't have to wash it, you can just make more orange juice tomorrow.
Speaker 2: Okay. So far, the cheapest place I found in here is, in Portland Oregon.
Speaker 1: How much is it.
Speaker 2: dollars a month.
Speaker 1: That's okay.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: See the thing is, this light, it's cute there.
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: It's not particularly practical there, I mean light does come through there, but if you're gonna sit there and read, you need light. Next to it.
Speaker 2: Well would it work to put it on the other end?
Speaker 1: It wouldn't be as
Speaker 2: It wouldn't be as aesthetically pleasing.
Speaker 1: Mhm. That radiator tilts.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Hm. So I got to look at the copy, of umm, it's Dante's Inferno.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: It's a new translation, with twenty different contemporary American poets? Got different cantos?
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: And translated them? And so it's neat. Cause there's these poets that I like. And they've done translations.
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: Of these different Of the different cantos or, cantos or, whatever toes. And um, they, well it's expensive, it's expensive but it's hard cover. And it's nice. And it matches kind of this, bath book, this scented bath book, that I wanna get.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And I wasn't I don't really need it, the I don't need either one, I wasn't urgently planning on getting the Divine The The Inferno one. But, the way they look together is very nice. Those two books together. So I was thinking it's sort of an aesthetic thing. That it would be nice to get them together. I'm gonna have a little vacation, so I can sit in the bath and, have my scented bath. And then I could read.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: I do realize it's a little bit far out, it seems like there's Danielle said we need to, the Alexandra Stoddard book back, They returned I think they returned the one The Creating a Beautiful Home one. The one that I had that had the, the blue and red?
Speaker 2: Oh, uhuh?
Speaker 1: It's not there, it's not in our inventory anymore. Maybe it means that
Speaker 2: Uhoh.
Speaker 1: Maybe the paperback's going out? And so they wanted to give the hard cover back? I don't know, I was very disturbed.
Speaker 2: Uhoh.
Speaker 1: I can always order another one if I need to. Is that a program you're reading?
Speaker 2: Hm? Hmmm. It was just a list of uh, places that offer emails service, and different things.
Speaker 1: Oh well that's good. Oh, we could turn the spider plant around.
Speaker 2: Which one.
Speaker 1: The one that just looks kinda decrepit.
Speaker 2: That one.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Maybe we could I think it, would probably do better, if it got its babies trimmed off.
Speaker 1: I think we thought about doing that in the springtime, then I thought we'd replant them.
Speaker 2: Yeah, but I think there's more babies than we need.
Speaker 1: Would Yeah. And we've got three new babies that I could replant, but I haven't, already.
Speaker 2: Unhunh. And that Yeah the The other plant over there is, has lots of babies,
Speaker 1: Oh, I looked at Orlando today.
Speaker 2: The book?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Do you think you want to read that together? That interest you at all?
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: Cause if it If it really wouldn't, if you're just saying that to make me happy, then,
Speaker 2: No, I thi
Speaker 1: I didn't n yeah.
Speaker 2: I'm, I think it probably would,
Speaker 1: It seemed like it would be fun to read out loud. And I don't wanna start it if we're going to read it together. I don't want to start it,
Speaker 2: if it would be, any less abstract than the
Speaker 1: Yeah there's a lot more
Speaker 2: More.
Speaker 1: There's a lot more in the book. Like the part where she falls on the ground,
Speaker 2: Could be easier to follow.
Speaker 1: and says,
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: she also says several other things. And there's also commentary from the narrator.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: After that.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: So I kinda like the movie better that way. Cause it's, gets the point across.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: Simply. So, yeah, there's more in it.
Speaker 2: Your basic account from Near Net is two hundred and fifty dollars a month. That's who Smith connects to.
Speaker 1: Well if you're Smith it's one thing,
Speaker 2: Use the Internet.
Speaker 1: if you're dad it's another.
Speaker 2: Actually it's the five colleges.
Speaker 1: Oh,
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: I wanted to call Jenny.
Speaker 2: but it
Speaker 1: I do want to call Jen.
Speaker 2: Well you can call Jenny.
Speaker 1: I'm tired.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: Maybe I'll call Jenny anyway. Jenny anyway. Jennyany. Jennyany.
Speaker 2: Jenny Garret.
Speaker 1: Cause I wanted to ask her about the,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: magazines she's had. Did I tell you that the woman who does This book here? L2 Monsieur L2,
Speaker 2: Unhunh?
Speaker 1: This book here? Okay she did the art here? And other art? Uh it said in here, that she does clip art. For different kinds of liturgical things. And I found there's two books, listed, under her name, besides this one. But they are clip art books.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: One is for. And one is for something They're like that. They have neat titles.
Speaker 2: You just need to get yourself a clip art book and a scanner.
Speaker 1: And a scanner? What would I do with a scanner.
Speaker 2: And then you'd like load em into your computer and make your things with them.
Speaker 1: then I wouldn't need a Xerox machine, and tape and glue and stuff.
Speaker 2: Yeah. See then you could. You could scan them, and then you could, make them different colors, and sizes, and things like that. And you could do neat things with them.
Speaker 1: YWN Different colors and sizes? I'd need a color YWN printer.
Speaker 2: Yeah?
Speaker 1: Yeah. How much is a color printer?
Speaker 2: Umm, you can get a color version of the printer I have for, gosh, I don't know, five hundred dollars?
Speaker 1: Would it be good?
Speaker 2: It's reasonable.
Speaker 1: Look at this. When does this go to. We have to go far away away though. Three hundred ninetynine, gracefully styled, Queen Anne wing recliner, with cherry finish legs. Do you wanna Queen Anne wing recliner?
Speaker 2: Hmmm.
Speaker 1: Why not?
Speaker 2: I already looked at those.
Speaker 1: You didn't like them?
Speaker 2: Not really.
Speaker 1: You get them in different colors Scott, you don't have to get the high aqua. And I could probably get Since when have they started that.
Speaker 2: Don't you remember, we looked through like Sears catalogues, and stuff like that, and there was these,
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: really amazing complete things, you know, with builtin tables, and storage,
Speaker 1: With refrigerators,
Speaker 2: and refrigerators, and coffeemakers, and, and, all that sorta stuff.
Speaker 1: YWN Oh, I'm tired YWN.
Speaker 2: You know a sofa with a builtin entertainment center.
Speaker 1: That's amazing. Can we throw this away?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: You sure you don't wanna get a huge big bed? L2 Monsieur L2?
Speaker 2: Mm I'm sure, I am happy with ours.
Speaker 1: You're sure you're happy with ours.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: That's good to hear.
Speaker 2: What time did you come home?
Speaker 1: Eleven o'clock?
Speaker 2: Mhm. What time is it now,
Speaker 1: After eleven o'clock?
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: Cause it's been a while since I came home. Mm. So I'm gonna be rich this week. It's like eleven twentyfive. Aeya. Still too many books. What to do. What to do. Scott, we were going to read this accompaniment book. Remember?
Speaker 2: Which one is that. Oh.
Speaker 1: The one from, mm.
Speaker 2: uh Yeah.
Speaker 1: It's kinda neat, cause it's got little articles by different people. It's another one that doesn't take a great deal of attention. My very own Smith Alumni. Alumnee?
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: Alumnee.
Speaker 2: I re I remember when we graduated and, we got full explanation of all the variations on that. They started off by saying that alum is, a chemical.
Speaker 1: It is?
Speaker 2: Not a graduate.
Speaker 1: Alum?
Speaker 2: Alum.
Speaker 1: Alum? Alum? So. A Color in Your Garden book. Oo. See what her name was? Who wrote it?
Speaker 2: Who?
Speaker 1: The person who wrote it.
Speaker 2: Is who.
Speaker 1: Penelope Hobhouse.
Speaker 2: You should come over here. Where it's lighter. Mhm. It's.
Speaker 1: Then we would have to move. To do that. I should have more water I think. I actually would have to move for that too.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Oh, my life is so hard. You finished the spinach.
Speaker 2: Mm. Oh,
Speaker 1: Scott,
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: In the store today.
Speaker 2: Screamy s
Speaker 1: Well I heard it.
Speaker 2: Oo.
Speaker 1: I I just heard it. I couldn't see it.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: its parents were hustling it out the door. That would be water. Do you wish for my water?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: And Emma. Maxine's little girl.
Speaker 2: Unhunh?
Speaker 1: She's She said things to me today. She looked at me, she smiled at me, and she talked to me.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Those are all three new things. Cause usually she goes like this. Whenever she sees someone she doesn't wanna look at.
Speaker 2: Oh. she doesn't know.
Speaker 1: Right. M She everyone there except her mom. So her dad brought her in. She came behind the counter. She said? Maxine said okay. This kid's like two and a half. And she sang all her ABC's, she's Maxine said they took her to the fair yesterday, and she won some prize, that, these older kids couldn't win. a very bright kid. And um, I asked Maxine if she was, like uh did she like having kids, and she said oh yeah. She wouldn't give them up for the world.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And she said, she wasn't planned, but, now, she just thinks she's great.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And she said, after Emma started saying her ABC's, and I said, wow, it's amazing, that you're not even three, and you can do your ABC's. And Maxine, and like, I smiled at Maxine and said, I said, what's my name. And she'd say,
Speaker 2: Mhm. Excuse me.
Speaker 1: This is very amazing. Well um, we got a new coloring a new Christmas book in.
Speaker 2: Unhunh?
Speaker 1: At the store, it's Christmas songs?
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: And there's lots of them Scott. Lots of Christmas songs, in all different languages, and then they're translated into English. And it tells about them. And I think we should get it, what do you think.
Speaker 2: I don't know, I haven't seen it.
Speaker 1: Well the cover's not very pretty,
Speaker 2: Well I'll have to go see it.
Speaker 1: but the inside is a
Speaker 2: Well I have to see the inside too.
Speaker 1: Well you'd better come tomorrow.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: You should start Christmas songs now.
Speaker 2: I'll come visit you tomorrow at work.
Speaker 1: Yes. That would be nice.
Speaker 2: but,