Speaker 1: Hello,
Speaker 2: How's my favorite girl in the world.
Speaker 1: Hey baby.
Speaker 2: Who's Who's the girl that I love? Who's the girl that I'll do anything for? I'll wash her feet with my mouth.
Speaker 1: how are you.
Speaker 2: after a ten mile run.
Speaker 1: Ew.
Speaker 2: I would.
Speaker 1: Ew.
Speaker 2: I would.
Speaker 1: Ew. How are you, honey?
Speaker 2: I'm doing good.
Speaker 1: I miss you.
Speaker 2: I miss you too.
Speaker 1: Hm.
Speaker 2: How's my favorite girl.
Speaker 1: I'm good.
Speaker 2: Is she Is she okay?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Are you guys having fun?
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: I'm so glad.
Speaker 1: Aw, m,
Speaker 2: What are you going into purr mode?
Speaker 1: Oh, gosh, we kept missing you. Hunh.
Speaker 2: I know,
Speaker 1: Last night, it's been a while. and today,
Speaker 2: It's been a long time.
Speaker 1: It's been so long. I know. You missed like all the drama here.
Speaker 2: No drama.
Speaker 1: Yeah, there was such drama. There was drama, and there was suspense. And then there was relief, and then there was ecstasy.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: Well, I'll
Speaker 2: Not the ecstasy.
Speaker 1: Ecstasy of sorts.
Speaker 2: tell me what Well see I, The I have I kinda, I wasn't inclined to call you?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Because I just wanted to give you and Jill your time.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: You know? Like I felt like,
Speaker 1: Totally.
Speaker 2: you know, so that's I let There were a couple times when I wanted to call you, and I didn't for that reason.
Speaker 1: Uh, Unhunh. Aw thanks. Yeah, well the thing was, I hadn't told you? But my period is really late. You know? And I guess, we would talk, and then we'd hang up, and then I thought, oh, gosh, I forgot to tell you. But
Speaker 2: I've been meaning to ask you about that.
Speaker 1: Really? You were
Speaker 2: You haven't had it yet?
Speaker 1: No. I mean, and it's been so long. And so it's like eight days late? And I thought, I'm sure I'm pregnant. I'm positive. And I was waiting till Jill got here? to even try to check?
Speaker 2: Oh. Yeah?
Speaker 1: And um, so we went to go get an EPT. pregnancy test. And then we d That's why we were calling you last night. You know?
Speaker 2: What happened.
Speaker 1: And then, of course it came out fine. So that's the
Speaker 2: It came out negative?
Speaker 1: Yeah, so that's the relief and the ecstasy.
Speaker 2: So, you can't be pregnant.
Speaker 1: No. I don't No. Unless it was a false negative. which I doubt. Because
Speaker 2: That's rare. Right?
Speaker 1: Right. I think that would be really rare.
Speaker 2: So, th you know what I mean, like can, would it come out Let's say i 0f you were pregnant, in its early st, early early stages?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Like wo, Like would a negative? You know what I'm saying?
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: Like could you get Is it possible that you could still be positive?
Speaker 1: I think there'd be a slight chance, of it being a false negative. But, I don't think so, cause I'm pretty late? And I think I'm late enough, where I would have, like, enough of the hormone that the pregnancy test tests for? I think I would have enough of that in my urine, that of course it would show up. if I had any in there?
Speaker 2: Yeah?
Speaker 1: You know? So I I I'm I took that as a pretty good sign.
Speaker 2: Oh my god.
Speaker 1: You know.
Speaker 2: Honey, how come you've been keeping all this inside.
Speaker 1: I know, I didn't mean to keep it inside. I I didn't mean
Speaker 2: Don't you love me?
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: I didn't mean to not tell you at all. It was just, we would hang up the phone, then I thought, oh yeah, I forgot to mention that I'm kinda late. Cause I didn't think it was a huge deal, but then, I guess I wasn't trying. I think I was in a bit of denial. Like I wasn't really thinking about it much. You know, cause I knew once Jill got here, then I would go get the test.
Speaker 2: So is that all the drama?
Speaker 1: That was the drama. And that was the suspense, and that was the relief, and that was the ecstasy.
Speaker 2: Really?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Oh, honey.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: Little bunny is going through the whole wide spectrum of emotions. She's doing it without me. She's going solo on this.
Speaker 1: I'm going solo.
Speaker 2: This is Jillpan going solo.
Speaker 1: I know, I thought it was so funny, last night, like what if it came back positive? And then that would mean, the next time I talked to you, I'd be telling you that I was pregnant? And then I thought gosh, poor Jeff, like I hadn't given you any like, you know, like I hadn't warned you, or anything. And it would have been such a surprise.
Speaker 2: Totally.
Speaker 1: I thought oh my gosh. I was even
Speaker 2: That would've been,
Speaker 1: gonna bring the camera into the bathroom, to take a picture of the EPT. Cause I thought, you know, it's like such a momentous occasion, like what if it came out positive, and then I thought, of Like I'm know I wouldn't have it or anything, but I thought if the slight chance I would have it, and it really became a person someday, wouldn't they love to see the photograph of the EPT, with the positive sign on it? Knowing that that was like its first sign of life.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: I know it's kind of
Speaker 2: Kind of spooky. It's not my idea of a good time right now sweetie.
Speaker 1: Oh, sorry.
Speaker 2: Maybe somewhere down the road, but right now it kind of makes me sick.
Speaker 1: Right, I know I know, me too. Me too. I was very But it was just a thought that went through my head.
Speaker 2: No that's a very cute thought. Let's chock that up as a very cute thought
Speaker 1: You know me and cameras.
Speaker 2: Aw honey.
Speaker 1: Aw, so how are you.
Speaker 2: Know what's even better?
Speaker 1: What.
Speaker 2: You could do like a selftimer.
Speaker 1: A selftimer?
Speaker 2: With you right next to it?
Speaker 1: A
Speaker 2: You go, I'm the mom, you know?
Speaker 1: Oh gosh.
Speaker 2: Next to the result?
Speaker 1: Oh gosh. Right. And I could even send it to EPT.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Use it for advertising. In fact I could send it to you, cause I have it. The test right there.
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: Anyhow.
Speaker 2: So how are you.
Speaker 1: Nothing,
Speaker 2: outside of that.
Speaker 1: Good. Good, we had such a nice day. It's really beautiful here. It's like
Speaker 2: It is?
Speaker 1: Unhunh. Like seventy degrees, and sunny, and, we walked around, we went to a park, and we just talked, and talked, and sat in the sun, and, we had such a nice day. We went out for dinner with Joy.
Speaker 2: Aw, what a joy.
Speaker 1: We just got back here,
Speaker 2: great, so you've been relaxing.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Do you have school?
Speaker 1: Yeah, well I had school on Friday.
Speaker 2: Oh I see.
Speaker 1: Yeah and I have it on Monday too.
Speaker 2: Gotcha.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Jill's leaving tomorrow?
Speaker 1: Unhunh, she's leaving tomorrow night.
Speaker 2: Aw, So you guys have been having a good time.
Speaker 1: Unhunh, such a good time. It's so good to see her.
Speaker 2: Staying up late,
Speaker 1: Unhunh. We stayed up till like three thirty last night.
Speaker 2: What are you guys doing. Talking or something?
Speaker 1: Just talking.
Speaker 2: Just talking? Just talking?
Speaker 1: We have a lot to catch up on.
Speaker 2: I know. I know. I'm just kidding.
Speaker 1: What have you been up to.
Speaker 2: Nothing.
Speaker 1: Nothing?
Speaker 2: Just homework.
Speaker 1: Yeah?
Speaker 2: I just played basketball at Main Beach.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: and I just talked to this Asian guy, um, who's six years old, and, he's a very sweet guy, he just moved to Laguna.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: And, we just, you just talk about everything.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Like, like real political, and, and, everything from um, PAR Norm Nixon, that's a basketball player PAR. I said Norm, instead of like President Nixon?
Speaker 1: Oh right.
Speaker 2: Yeah, from Nixon, to like Rush Limbaugh, to abortion, to capital punishment,
Speaker 1: Whoa.
Speaker 2: Like, yeah, you know what, and so funny, cause he's, he's a Catholic, and, you know, like I nailed him on the contradiction, he's like procapital punishment, but and prolife?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: I said try to explain that to me, I don't understand.
Speaker 1: Wait, he said he's procapital punishment,
Speaker 2: and prolife?
Speaker 1: and prolife. Right.
Speaker 2: That's like, to me that's like a huge contradiction? And, he said,
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: he he justified it as, well see the, those little en, the little, um, embryos? They don't have a They can't make a decision. You know, and they're gonna die.
Speaker 1: This is what he was saying.
Speaker 2: Yeah, and he said that, you know, people who commit crimes, you know, that calls for the death penalty, they brought it upon themselves.
Speaker 1: Oh wait, Jeff, can you hang on just a sec?
Speaker 2: Yes.
Speaker 1: What did you say? Oh you are? Okay. Yeah. Okay, I'll come over. Um,
Speaker 2: Where's Jill going.
Speaker 1: She's going next door?
Speaker 2: Who.
Speaker 1: To Robby's?
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: Uh,
Speaker 2: Has she been clicking with your friends?
Speaker 1: It's right there. Yeah we're gonna go hang out there.
Speaker 2: With who who?
Speaker 1: We're gonna go hang out next door. at Robby's? He's having some people over?
Speaker 2: Oh Robby, with the kitty.
Speaker 1: Right. Robby with the kitty.
Speaker 2: Has Jill been
Speaker 1: My sweatshirt. My sweatshirt, I put it back in the closet.
Speaker 2: Has Jill been digging your friends?
Speaker 1: Unhunh. Yeah. We spent some It's up on the, up folded. up there high. Yup. Um. Okay so uh,
Speaker 2: You can't talk to both of us at the same time.
Speaker 1: Okay, I'll come next door. Jilly's going next door.
Speaker 2: Bye Jill.
Speaker 1: Bye Jeff. She says bye. Um, yeah. She um, we hung out with Donna, and they hit it off. And, we went out to dinner with Joy tonight, and she's met everybody.
Speaker 2: Great.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: How does um, How's Jill. How's her state of mind. Does she seem at peace with herself? She happy?
Speaker 1: Unhunh. Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah?
Speaker 1: She seems really good.
Speaker 2: Yeah?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Okay now, tell me the stuff that she doesn't want you to tell me. Now that she's gone.
Speaker 1: Now's the chance.
Speaker 2: Yeah because, remember, you're my girlfriend, before you're her friend.
Speaker 1: Jeff. Oh. Oh sweetie.
Speaker 2: Remember, you're gonna spend the rest of your life with me. I'm your partner.
Speaker 1: Oh Jeff.
Speaker 2: I know there's stuff that she, that you won't tell me. And,
Speaker 1: Oh Jeff.
Speaker 2: go ahead.
Speaker 1: No, nothing. There's
Speaker 2: Then let it out honey. Come on sweetie, Come on honey. Let it out like a good girl. Like a good girl.
Speaker 1: Jeff, oh, no I won't.
Speaker 2: You're such a little giggly monster.
Speaker 1: Just when I talk to you.
Speaker 2: You just ne_you need to be cuddled.
Speaker 1: Aw.
Speaker 2: You need to be squeezed, and caressed,
Speaker 1: and loved. Aw, I miss you.
Speaker 2: You do?
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: Aw, I miss you too.
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: Know what Rob's doing?
Speaker 1: What.
Speaker 2: Rob decided that he just needed a vacation or something?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: So, he took off for Big Bear.
Speaker 1: You're kidding.
Speaker 2: Had no idea where he was going, he just took
Speaker 1: All by himself?
Speaker 2: All by himself, and, he found a cabin, he called me?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: He found a cabin, like overlooking, um, Big Bear Lake,
Speaker 1: You're kidding.
Speaker 2: And, it's like, just the cabin with like, four beds in it. But, you know, cause nobody's up there now?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: So he got it for fiftyfive bucks a night, and he's staying there for a few nights.
Speaker 1: All by himself?
Speaker 2: All by himself, he just wants to be up in the mountains, he wants to write, and just, you know, just, you know, get in tune with with himself.
Speaker 1: Wow, did he want you to go with him?
Speaker 2: Oh no, I couldn't go.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: Yeah I think he was trying to get a girl to go with him but,
Speaker 1: Oh, but that fell through.
Speaker 2: So he went from like the romantic sexual getaway, to, you know, a soul searching bond with nature type of deal.
Speaker 1: Right, aw, I hope he's not disappointed. Oh,
Speaker 2: no,
Speaker 1: that sounds great. I mean that sounds, You know,
Speaker 2: it reminds me of us.
Speaker 1: good opportunity. Mhm, getting away like that. I'd love to. You know I was talking to tonight, I gave Keri a call, and um,
Speaker 2: Wow. At Michael's?
Speaker 1: Unhunh. And she was so miserable,
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: cause she's studying. But she only has two weeks left.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Only two weeks left, and, I was just thinking, gosh, and then she has off, and, she has vacation, and, 0h, it just sounded so good.
Speaker 2: What's she Oh. She must be so excited though.
Speaker 1: Well she sounded really bummed. Actually, just cause school is so tough right now? But yeah,
Speaker 2: Unhunh. only two more weeks. That's a fast medical school year.
Speaker 1: YWN Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Wow, when did they start.
Speaker 1: It was really quick YWN. I think, um, like midAugust.
Speaker 2: MidAugust.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Or maybe maybe the beginning of August. Maybe the beginning.
Speaker 2: Wow. Did she ask you about what you thought of Michael and stuff.
Speaker 1: No she didn't, we didn't talk long at all, she had to go. Like she was in the middle of studying?
Speaker 2: Oh yeah?
Speaker 1: Like she was serious.
Speaker 2: She's serious.
Speaker 1: Yeah, she was totally serious.
Speaker 2: Good girl.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Oh honey, I miss you.
Speaker 1: I miss you too.
Speaker 2: I miss looking into those eyes,
Speaker 1: Aw,
Speaker 2: and smelling those thighs.
Speaker 1: oh, yeah I miss you a lot. It's hard, when Jill's here, we talk about you so much.
Speaker 2: No you don't.
Speaker 1: Yes we do.
Speaker 2: You're just saying that.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Are you serious?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Wait. You really do? No. Real?
Speaker 1: Really. We do. But it makes me miss you more. You know?
Speaker 2: Do you
Speaker 1: Just Do you say any bad things about me? No. Us? Who. Us?
Speaker 2: No, that's a wrong crowd. Hunh.
Speaker 1: Aw.
Speaker 2: Well, give me the highlights.
Speaker 1: The highlights?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Of what we talk about you?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Um, let me think, let me think of some good ones.
Speaker 2: Condense it down to a minute.
Speaker 1: Okay, we said something so funny today. And I thought when Jill said it, it captured you so well, and we both laughed, cause I think, it was just so funny how well we both know you? Um, I guess we were talking about, I don't know what came up, we were talking about TV, or television shows, and I mentioned, yeah, you really, you like to watch MASH?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And, she laughed and said, yeah, can't you just picture Jeff, sitting on his couch, and watching MASH, with some orange juice, with ice cubes? And we started laughing, and Jill went, that's Jeff's slice of heaven. Like little piece of heaven. And we just thought it was so funny, because, like, it really captured you. Like, we both know you'd be sitting there with orange juice with ice cubes.
Speaker 2: Only, I haven't had ice cubes here since September.
Speaker 1: Are you serious?
Speaker 2: Yeah because, you know how big thick the freezer gets?
Speaker 1: Unhunh?
Speaker 2: I just don't even bother. I just keep it at a high temperature?
Speaker 1: Unhunh?
Speaker 2: I keep it really cool. So, it's cold enough for me.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: So you're absolutely right, I drink orange juice, but, I go through like a carton of orange juice, every two days.
Speaker 1: Honey.
Speaker 2: Impressive, hunh. Aw, the old lady.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: She just looked at me, and then, you know what I just realized? She looked at me,
Speaker 1: she was walking down the stairs? Unhunh.
Speaker 2: She looked at me, and she she didn't see me.
Speaker 1: Really?
Speaker 2: Yeah. I waved at her and, she just kept going.
Speaker 1: Maybe um, if there's a reflection or something.
Speaker 2: What a body she has.
Speaker 1: Isn't that incredible, Are our bodies gonna do that?
Speaker 2: It's like, it's like, she's evolving. You know like, it's funny.
Speaker 1: Or degenerating. No.
Speaker 2: Yeah. It's kinda weird. Hunh.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: The whole cycle of life. What a fucking trip.
Speaker 1: I know.
Speaker 2: Oh but di I d I know you would you get excited about things like this too, but did you read in the, about the um planets? circulating around other stars?
Speaker 1: No, what about them.
Speaker 2: There's irred, There's proof. What's the, what's the word that goes before proof.
Speaker 1: Irrefutable.
Speaker 2: Irrefutable proof. There, thank you honey, That was so good. What a good team we are. I could just see myself like lecturing to a bunch of people and, like, oh honey, by the way. What's that word that,
Speaker 1: that goes before honor,
Speaker 2: Jeff,
Speaker 1: I'm like,
Speaker 2: oh yes yes yes, thank you very much. What would I be without her. Um, wouldn't that be funny?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Aw honey. Wouldn't that be funny? Like if someone was lecturing? And they said, they said,
Speaker 1: m_well,
Speaker 2: and, then she raises her hand. Oh honey, what were we talking about the other night,
Speaker 1: What's that word I'm looking for honey.
Speaker 2: you know, when,
Speaker 1: You know what I'm talking about.
Speaker 2: I Wouldn't the whole place just laugh?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I think so funny.
Speaker 2: Okay, anyway. Can I run this by you really quick?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: There's this scientist, that came up with irrefutable proof. that, there are, they found two planets circulating around a sun. Or a star. in the universe? outside of our solar system? And so, which like made me think, you know like, you know like how we have always talked about life being out there, you know,
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: like there has to be. Cause there's planets evolving around, um,
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: you know various stars and stuff. Just like ours.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: And, but see I never knew that that was just a theory. You know, a theory that there were planets going around other stars.
Speaker 1: You mean you actually thought that we had seen this before?
Speaker 2: No. Actually I I No I didn't, I just I just thought that it was like pretty much factual.
Speaker 1: Oh, yeah, not at all.
Speaker 2: So, you know? So, it's kind of like a leap of faith, you know that we have always thought that?
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: You know? I mean like, like the scientist who who does, can't really prove it. Like they, they make this leap. of faith, you know, they just assume. Right? that there there were planets.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: around other suns.
Speaker 1: Right. Right? Just by the sheer numbers? They thought, well what are the chances. You know, 0f we have billions and millions of stars. then chances are. You know, even if it takes like one in a million chance, for there to be another planetary system? Well, like we have millions and millions and billions of opportunities, to have that happen.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: So, I think that's the whole thing, like Carl Sagan? would always go yeah, like, he would say that.
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: I think he would say that. But, yeah. So anyhow, like in what galaxy. Like what Like what what galaxy was this star in.
Speaker 2: Santa Barbara. No.
Speaker 1: I'm not sure.
Speaker 2: I don't know the the details. But, anyway, what it made me think about was, the fact that, you know how you always, this might sound a little silly?
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: But you know how like you, like I, I, I'm very passionate about certain ideas, you know?
Speaker 1: Really?
Speaker 2: Like, you know what I mean?
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: How And then you're like more scientific, or you're more, you know, open to other possibilities?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: You know like in, like you know like you're ch, um, even with people. But, with the ide, Like you Like you would ask, like how do you know for sure. You know?
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: And, it's like, you know like the Oh I don't know.
Speaker 1: That, and now, here it is. Here is the factual proof, and so I can be satisfied.
Speaker 2: That Yeah Well, just to show you that, you know like, you can make an assumption. And, you can assume something that feels, you know, really and and it turns out to be that way.
Speaker 1: Sure, some of the time?
Speaker 2: Uh yeah.
Speaker 1: well if you also felt that, I don't know, you could feel something that wouldn't be proved right.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: But, no, but I think that's so exciting honey?
Speaker 2: No it's okay honey.
Speaker 1: I didn't see that in the newspaper. Oh.
Speaker 2: It was more exciting when I was thinking about it the other night.
Speaker 1: No, it's so exciting. I mean, I I'm
Speaker 2: No, my whole idea about,
Speaker 1: I mean it's so exciting, that like don't even believe you. Like, I think it's that exciting. I mean like I feel like it's
Speaker 2: You don't believe me?
Speaker 1: No it's so exciting that I feel like, I want to go read it in the newspaper for myself. Like I can't believe it. Like how come it's not on the news, and,
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: there aren't like parties now.
Speaker 2: And they even, u they've been studying the two planets?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: And their patterns? And how they like s, Um, they, they circle the the their star?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: And, they think that there's not, it can't, those planets can't sustain life.
Speaker 1: Oh, just from the distance from it?
Speaker 2: No. From um, like, from their surface? The the planet's surface?
Speaker 1: Oh. They can?
Speaker 2: Well, 0t's weird. They get it from, like they pick up heat waves.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: You know, and it's, it's just, obviously they can't really see anything. The only way they tell that the planets are out there, like they can tell like the stars are, are out there, just by radio waves. And, and how You know what.
Speaker 1: God, that's so incredible.
Speaker 2: and heat waves. I it's unbelievable, how man has, you know like,
Speaker 1: From this little point, in the whole universe. like, we've been able to tell so much, just with science.
Speaker 2: I know, isn't it wild?
Speaker 1: Just with, aw, that's so incredible.
Speaker 2: That sends me out there.
Speaker 1: Wow. Totally. Oh. Wow. That's so exciting.
Speaker 2: Oh, honey, you're not pregnant.
Speaker 1: No. I'm
Speaker 2: you were convinced you were pregnant?
Speaker 1: Well, I only got convinced the moment before I was waiting for the results. Like all before that, well I'm late. But I don't feel any of the symptoms. But I got so nervous, right when I was taking the test? I was kind of not treating it, taking it that seriously? Cause it's just, it's such an believable concept? to think that maybe I would be pregnant? So I wasn't really believing it. And then, but the moment that I did the test, I got so scared, and I thought, oh my God, like, this isn't kidding around, like what if I am, and 0t's a distinct possibility, and I got so scared, like
Speaker 2: Did you?
Speaker 1: No, I didn't. But Jill was here, like she It was so scary, and, but, you know, we were watching it, and it didn't turn blue, or,
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: you know, so, it was, you know, it was,
Speaker 2: Are you sure it would have been mine? You know I would've denied it, 0f you, if you said it was mine.
Speaker 1: I was uh, messing around with the repair man.
Speaker 2: Honey?
Speaker 1: Aw.
Speaker 2: Honey, I'm just kidding my love. You'd sure learn a lot about me if that happened.
Speaker 1: Gosh.
Speaker 2: Aw honey, that would just like ruin your whole idea of who I am. Hunh?
Speaker 1: Aw.
Speaker 2: It would just like, I'd just blow up everything that we had, if I, if I was that cruel.
Speaker 1: If you just refuted it.
Speaker 2: If I said.
Speaker 1: nunhunh. I'm not taking any responsibility.
Speaker 2: If it's mine, then it's your fault for getting pregnant.
Speaker 1: Oh God.
Speaker 2: Would Oh no. You think we'd be able to, to make it through that? If I,
Speaker 1: I don't think
Speaker 2: Would you Would you be able to look above that?
Speaker 1: Would you forgive that.
Speaker 2: Just let that one thing pass. No way. I wouldn't let you.
Speaker 1: Oh,
Speaker 2: Well, I just want you to get pregnant. So you could see how, I'm gonna take it.
Speaker 1: oh,
Speaker 2: I'll love you and support you,
Speaker 1: M.
Speaker 2: send you some money,
Speaker 1: Great.
Speaker 2: Oh, sweetness.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: What a pain in the ass that would be.
Speaker 1: I know. you know what, I think m, out of anything, it would just be that, that would bother me. Just like, I don't have the time to deal with it. Like w, you know? Like, what a pain in the neck.
Speaker 2: We have to be really safe this summer.
Speaker 1: Totally. Well I'm gonna go on the pill.
Speaker 2: Oh honey, are you sure.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah totally, it it's
Speaker 2: Yeah what are we gonna use, condoms?
Speaker 1: Right.
Speaker 2: Well they're coming out with condoms for women.
Speaker 1: Right, well,
Speaker 2: I would never in a million years expect you to wear something like that, honey. I swear to God. I think those are the grossest contraptions ever.
Speaker 1: I saw one Really?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I just saw one the other day actually. They're strange looking.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: We had a woman, um, a physician come and talk to us, about all the different kinds of contraception, and, um, to tell us about R U four eightysix? Is that the drug?
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: To tell us about that, Unhunh. and norplant, and the side effects of everything, and, it was so interesting.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Yeah, it was really.
Speaker 2: Well is R U um forty six, is that gonna be implemented?
Speaker 1: Well, it's not, it's not available here in the United States, it's only in France,
Speaker 2: England.
Speaker 1: and, yeah, and Sweden.
Speaker 2: But I mean is that, are they, are there people trying to make it law here?
Speaker 1: I think so, but, I just think, you know, politically I, I doubt it will be,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: for a while. Such a bummer.
Speaker 2: Yeah. It's such a great, you know. That would be so great if people could get that.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: Stay away from those prolifers. Throwing things at em.
Speaker 1: Oh, I know I know. Gosh, you know what sweetie? I think I'm gonna go, like rescue Jill. Because she's been there, and, she's probably doesn't know anybody, and, you know?
Speaker 2: Okay, honey. you're choosing, you can choose.
Speaker 1: Oh honey,
Speaker 2: Oh, I'm so glad you guys are having a good time.
Speaker 1: N_yeah, oh it's so great. It's so great.
Speaker 2: Aw,
Speaker 1: It's so nice. well give
Speaker 2: Give her a hug for me.
Speaker 1: Okay. It's almost surreal. having her here?