Speaker 1: Am I doing that right so far?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: All the way down to that?
Speaker 2: Mhm. think.
Speaker 1: I don't think I am. Do you?
Speaker 2: And you'd have to have that plus or minus. What.
Speaker 1: I don't know what I did to get that. Where did I get that square root um, ex squared.
Speaker 2: Because you brought this over here. You brought three over here. divided by three, and then you have ex squared, so if you want to find ex, you have the square root of ex squared.
Speaker 1: all I can't figure out is, what the square root of negative two two thirds is. Would that be,
Speaker 2: i square root two,
Speaker 1: i square root two thirds?
Speaker 2: over three, The whole thing would be over three. No it couldn't be. Square root of two thirds, yeah. But then you got the other one Nathan.
Speaker 1: Oh, hm. Leah. She snoozing on the floor?
Speaker 2: Mhm. Not anymore, you woke her up. She's doing the karate kid, Nathan.
Speaker 1: She's like, leave me alone. I mean how would you like it, when you're laying in bed, somebody just grabbed your arm, started swinging it around.
Speaker 2: I'd probably just em.
Speaker 1: P Ex squared equals one over the square root of that, the square root of that, ex equals the square root of one P,
Speaker 2: She's not even looking at me. She's just looking, like
Speaker 1: I know. That's what I'm talking about. So. would that one be, square root of one half?
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: It would?
Speaker 2: Mhm. Yep. But do y'all have to do that, um, you have to like, have it where you do that, there's no, um,
Speaker 1: fraction under
Speaker 2: under the, in the denominator? I mean no fraction under the
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: So then you just multiply, the whole thing by the square root of two, and you get the square root of two over two.
Speaker 1: Even for the top one? Even for that one?
Speaker 2: No. I'm talking about for this one.
Speaker 1: Oh. All you do is like go, two over one,
Speaker 2: You have the square root of one,
Speaker 1: like that, right?
Speaker 2: Mm. Since you have the square root of two on the bottom, to make that a square, you have to multiply by the square root of two. And then you get two, and you multiply the top by the square root of two, and you get, square root of two. What. I wanna rewind it and hear that back again.
Speaker 1: Cause I sure didn't catch it the first time. You got the two, and you take the square root of two, and you get the negative two, which you take the square, and it comes to two,
Speaker 2: I'm sorry,
Speaker 1: So. let's talk about this slowly, as I write this down, as you're saying it. Alright? This is what we came out with. Right?
Speaker 2: It's But put it as the square root of one, over the square root of two.
Speaker 1: Oh. And then you multiply that by the square root of two, over the square root of two.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Uh, is that what all those square root of twos are?
Speaker 2: That's what I was trying to say.
Speaker 1: Okay, I was wondering where all that, square root two, square root two,
Speaker 2: That's what it was.
Speaker 1: Then right here you'd get, square root of two over two.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: See everything was square root two, over two, and two,
Speaker 2: Right, but then, what about this one.
Speaker 1: on this one. Let me do this one.
Speaker 2: But, you have i you have i square root of three, over square root of three. I mean i square root of two over square root of three. I can't even say it right.
Speaker 1: Over, do I have another i down here, or just the one i.
Speaker 2: Um, no. Just one.
Speaker 1: Okay, P three square root of three, over square root of three, and you get P,
Speaker 2: i square root of six.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Over three.
Speaker 2: Is that right?
Speaker 1: I doubt it. I really do, I'm not kidding.
Speaker 2: You can't You can't multiply, square roots like that, can you? Square root of two, times square root of three, is square root of six, is it?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Okay. Well, then that's fine. Then that is right.
Speaker 1: Isn't that You can do that.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Cause that's the same way you're multiplying there, square root of nine, and square root of nine equals three.
Speaker 2: Yeah, Where's the test. You have it. I mean I have it. Okay. The next one, is, five ex, times ex minus one,
Speaker 1: Is that it?
Speaker 2: equals, two, times one minus ex.
Speaker 1: Leah. Two times one minus ex?
Speaker 2: Yeah. And that's easy, you can do that.
Speaker 1: Oh this is easy. Please say this will factor? Will it?
Speaker 2: Na, you do it.
Speaker 1: Well, I mean, that's just wasting time. Cause if it's not, Yeah. It does?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: One and negative twofifths?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: And I can always put those back up into the top, and, and see if they check. Right? just try the one? I got zero equals zero.
Speaker 2: that's right.
Speaker 1: And that's one?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Zero equals zero equals one.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: SING, you got me down. Come on SING.
Speaker 2: Ex, times,
Speaker 1: Hang on. Number eight. Ex, times,
Speaker 2: two minus ex.
Speaker 1: Two minus ex,
Speaker 2: is less than or equal to,
Speaker 1: I don't like these.
Speaker 2: three times ex, minus four.
Speaker 1: Three times ex, minus four?
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Alright, distribute first, right?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: P Two ex minus ex squared, three ex minus twelve, you get, WH do that side, so you get ex WH, whoa. I don't want to do that. Negative ex squared, WH two ex minus, two minus ex, um, plus twelve XXX WHP, Now do you factor this? after you do that?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Oh but first I gotta take out that negative one, don't I mean that negative.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: in front of that ex squared so I just, I can multiply that whole side by negative one?
Speaker 2: Yeah. Then you flip that sign over.
Speaker 1: I have to flip that sign over if I do that?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: See it's little rules like that, that I'm not gonna remember. So if it's a if it's less than or equal to, then, and there's a minus, you have to flip the sign. Okay. Are you tired?
Speaker 2: P Not really. I mean kind of but,
Speaker 1: I'm gonna go home in just a few minutes.
Speaker 2: Why P.
Speaker 1: Cause I can work on this at home, and let you get some sleep.
Speaker 2: HITS_NATHAN_WITH_PAPER
Speaker 1: Ouch. Okay. S so you say ex plus four? is greater than or equal to zero? P So you say, ex is greater than or equal to, negative four, and, ex P, three.
Speaker 2: Or.
Speaker 1: Oh, is that one of the ones where you have to do or?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And if it's, less than, do you still do or?
Speaker 2: No that's if it's um, in the, in the b, in between? those two numbers, you know? If there's like a, like this one don't look. But if there's like a, ex in the middle. Well no that's a or. If you have like one number on one side, and it says,
Speaker 1: Yes,
Speaker 2: greater than or equal to ex,
Speaker 1: like,
Speaker 2: and than l, that one's less than or equal to
Speaker 1: like two, is less than or equal to ex,
Speaker 2: is less than or equal to,
Speaker 1: which is, less than or equal to,
Speaker 2: less less than or equal to,
Speaker 1: six.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: So the final So that's the answer. Right?
Speaker 2: Mhm. Okay. I don't know this one so,
Speaker 1: You don't know how to do this one? So we in trouble.
Speaker 2: Well you apparently knew how to do it.
Speaker 1: Did I get it right?
Speaker 2: Well you didn't get the whole thing right. But you, Well you just missed one part of it.
Speaker 1: So what's that problem.
Speaker 2: Um, absolute value,
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: of onehalf, minus ex over three.
Speaker 1: Ex over three, oops. Okay.
Speaker 2: is less, I mean is greater than or equal to, twothirds.
Speaker 1: Just plain old twothirds?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: How do you get rid of the absolute value things? Don't you,
Speaker 2: You put, is less than or equal to twothirds. Or is greater than, I mean, is greater than or equal to twothirds, and then, don't you have like, or is less than, and is less than or equal to, negative two thirds?
Speaker 1: What? Can I see what I did.
Speaker 2: Yeah. But when you when you have absolute value, when you take the absolute value off, and you put negative twothirds on this side, too,
Speaker 1: First I'll just get a common denominator. So I can do that.
Speaker 2: You can't do it when it's in the absolute value, though.
Speaker 1: Well I did right there. Is that why I missed it?
Speaker 2: But see if you wanna do that, then at first you bring,
Speaker 1: So I only did one part of it in other words.
Speaker 2: Mhm. Just bring Just bring twothirds, over to the other side. Negative twothirds, over to the other side.
Speaker 1: And make it equal to zero?
Speaker 2: No. No keep that there, But then have,
Speaker 1: Another one over there?
Speaker 2: Yeah, have, is less than or equal to, negative two thirds. And that's not absolute value anymore.
Speaker 1: Well see, we've never done it like that.
Speaker 2: Let me see. If that's how you do it.
Speaker 1: I mean I'm sure you probably can do it that way.
Speaker 2: I don't know, if that's how you do it or not. Cause, I haven't done this, in probably about as long as you have. Oops.
Speaker 1: It's my own fault, I shouldn't have waited. so long to get math over with. I should've got it over with right out, right out of high school.
Speaker 2: Oo. A bug.
Speaker 1: Hey Leah. She looks so tired,
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: She's eating that bug. Is that what she's doing?
Speaker 2: Yuck. I guess. Yeah, that's how you do it.
Speaker 1: You can do it that way?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Let me see the pencil.
Speaker 2: But then, I didn't get what she got. I guess she Yeah, you can so. Oh no, it's not gonna work that way. You don't have it in the middle. See I put it in the middle? Seven halves, is greater than or equal But you can't put it in the middle, cause if it's gonna be Yeah if it's gonna be greater than that, then it's not gonna be less than that. Well I guess it can.
Speaker 1: So one way I could do it.
Speaker 2: Well No. Wait a minute now. See, look what she did. She um, flipped that sign over. uh, when you divide by negative two, you have to flip all the signs over. which you did. Yeah, cause you got that right, it's right here.
Speaker 1: Oh gosh. You know what, I'm just gonna skip this one.
Speaker 2: No you're not, you're gonna do it. Now.
Speaker 1: So I can't start by
Speaker 2: Unhunh. Not finding a common denominator. You have to bring,
Speaker 1: Well I can do find one side by doing that, can't I?
Speaker 2: Yeah but, why don't you just put the other put once you have negative twothirds on the other side, then you can find a common buh buh buh buh, common denominator for the whole thing, and it's gonna be the same denominator.
Speaker 1: Well what's the common denominator of bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh.
Speaker 2: I didn't mean that.
Speaker 1: I meant once you bring it over there. I know what you meant. I don't ever remember us doing anything like that though. There's like a way you always can get rid of those absolute value bars. in problems, isn't there? Can I use some of this?
Speaker 2: Oh. Yeah. _Mm. See, yeah. Here it's absolute values. Right here.
Speaker 1: And it's doing it the way that you were doing it?
Speaker 2: I'm trying to find one like that one.
Speaker 1: See that's the problem, there's so many different types. That, I'm sitting here worrying about this one right here, and there probably won't even be one like this on the test.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: There'll be a different one.
Speaker 2: So what do you do. You find a inequality, with an absolute value in it which, there's one right there. Mhm. See? I sure didn't see any in the
Speaker 1: examples.
Speaker 2: Hmm. See? There's no There it is. See? Here it is. Absolute value of that, you brought, brought negative four over to the other side. And all that
Speaker 1: See that just proves that she puts problems on there that we've never gone over. I know we've never done one like that. where you do that, Can you Do you wanna do that when it's less than, or can you do that when it's greater than too.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Either way.
Speaker 1: So if it's pointed this way, you just put another one pointing this way over here,
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Okay. You're not kidding.
Speaker 2: That's my thumbnail.
Speaker 1: Now I just get a common denominator for the whole thing?
Speaker 2: Mhm. Well, take out those absolute value things, they'll screw you up.
Speaker 1: Yeah. And now this'll be six, right? Is that right?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Now what do you do.
Speaker 2: Subtract three. from the middle.
Speaker 1: And To which side.
Speaker 2: To both sides.
Speaker 1: To both sides? Okay.
Speaker 2: two ex.
Speaker 1: Alright. P To one, then, after that you have to P, take out the negatives.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Divide by Well just Divide by negative two.
Speaker 1: Oh, you can't get that by, ex by itself?
Speaker 2: Yeah. And when you divide by a negative, you have to flip the signs.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 2: And when you do that, it's gonna be a or. Because if you look at it, cause, you know, it can't be greater than sevenhalves, and less than negative halve at the sa, onehalf at the same time. So it's gonna be either ex, is less than or equal to negative onehalf, or,
Speaker 1: Okay. P Will you pass me some of that tea please. Oh, thank you. Number ten. How many problems are on this test P.
Speaker 2: Twelve.
Speaker 1: Oh good.
Speaker 2: What did you want to do after this test.
Speaker 1: That's it, I guess.
Speaker 2: You gonna study some more tomorrow then, right?
Speaker 1: Oh definitely.
Speaker 2: Okay. Ex plus four, over, three ex minus two, is less than zero.
Speaker 1: less than zero.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: Is this the Is this the same class I'm taking Kathy. Are you sure we're doing work from the same class that I'm that I'm that I go to every night.
Speaker 2: I don't know. Are we? It's got the same name, but, that's about it. Okay.
Speaker 1: I don't even know how you start this one, do you?
Speaker 2: Yeah I think so, but I'm not sure. Cause, the way I start it,
Speaker 1: Do I Did I have anything written on the test?
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: I left it blank?