Speaker 2: I got a story to tell you, it's a shaggy dog story, but as long as weï½re talking about that recorder and sixhundred dollars, Iï½ll tell you the story, oh gosh, uh, Rae and I and Sue and Buddy, took a trip, to Mexico City, It must've been, four to six months after my dad died. Thatï½s how I remember it, he died in sixtys
Speaker 1: Oh God.
Speaker 2: December sixtyseven, so, sometime in sixtyeight we took this trip, weï½d been talking about it for a while, uh, flew down to Mexico City, uh we, think of the name of my hotel, which wouldnï½t mean anything now, but we ended up in a fabulous hotel, uh, first night, we were with our rooms, we got down there, and the next morning, Buddy, whoï½s a early riser anyhow, was probably up four o'clock, and he went down there complaining to the manager, So, cause it was not the accommodation we were supposed to have had, we checked in about eight oï½clock at night or so, which is, in Mexico is like, you know, Well we ended up with a corner suite. With, It was so big, we could've had a party for fifty people XXXX. Three bathrooms in it, two bedrooms, so they had, but they had an extra guest bathroom, big bar, it was circ, open on two sides, of course we didnï½t have anybody there but the two of us, And I remember the New York Yankees were training there. So it probably was, the season opens in April, so it probably was February or March, Mickey Mantle, and uh Whitey Ford and all of em, I wish I'd been smart enough to know then that uh, these baseball cards, and those autographs, would be selling for, three or four hundred dollars, but, at any rate, uh, I went down there with a recorder. We used to We had those things at the store, that we used to use, when weï½d go out of town and, particularly if we were looking at some site, or, we were looking at a store, when we had some comments, we'd talk into those things. We had four or five of em, Aaron had one, I had one, Mike had one, had one, Things sold at the time for about eight or ninehundred dollars.
Speaker 1: Eight or ninehundred?
Speaker 2: Eight or ninehundred dollars. Uh, you got a very sophisticated one, but you know the little ones now about this size. Well this son of a bitch weighed about. It was. Had a pouch, like, sorta like youï½ve got. I carried it around. Well any rate, my wife had fallen in love, with a, Mexican artist by the name of Nierman. Forgot his first name. Jewish guy.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: Mexican national. His paintings sold, for generally, a thousand dollars plus. Which was, for me,
Speaker 1: A lotta money in those days.
Speaker 2: Twentyfive years ago, I was no way I was gonna spend a First of all I didnï½t like him. Very splashy. Albert and Marcia had one of his paintings, they had They had I I donï½t know, Marcia had a relative in Mexico, or something. But theyï½d been down there. Many times and, and they had his book, and, we got down there, and he was, uh, all over the place. His paintings were, he lived in Mexico City. And uh, we had a cab driver. Uh, that was gonna take us to, wherever the place where the gold was. I canï½t remember, one of the roughest rides, and if you ever been to Mexico City, you made that ride, some kinda city, about hundred miles away, I thought we were gonna die going down there. An old car and, anyway. Well before that, he took us around the city, still got his card somewhere. Slammed the damn door on this guy, poor guyï½s hand one day, inadvertently, we were getting out, we had him about three days, one day we took him down to wherever we went, Buddy and Sue didnï½t go, but he took us to the ruins, and all that stuff. You know, uh, you know, I and I I knew then, and I know now, that those guys, take you to a particular place, they get a commission. Well, they took us to this guyï½s studio.
Speaker 1: He what?
Speaker 2: Took us to this artistï½s studio. Uh, and uh, Rae, he was there. And she saw a painting she liked. And, uh, he wanted that damn recorder. And he said I tell you what Iï½ll do. make you a deal. He said I'll You take this painting, I want that recorder. Iï½ll take it. naw I canï½t do that, itï½s not mine. It was Itï½s about a thousand dollar swap. Shit I thought my wife was gonna have a fit, she was pissed off, Mexico City was a, uh in those days, probably still is, not For this guy he was very successful. Uh, very prolific. But it was an art colony, and there were a lot of Americans down there. He was not an American. A lot of Americans down there, uh because, cost of living was so cheap at the time. And they had these art shows everywhere. Well we bought a painting, uh, of a little Mexican woman, still got it, with a watermelon on her head, like it a lot. Think I paid. Well that was about my price range. Uh, while I was down there, we may have bought a couple of other inexpensive paintings, maybe collectively we bought, maybe spent a hundred and fifty dollars. Uh, hell I was not an art We werenï½t art collectors. And uh, to spend a thousand dollars, to me for a painting, was unthinkable. Uh, The first painting I ever bought, my fatherinlaw bought it from Geri f, Geri Rae, it was one of Geriï½s original early early paintings, which I thoroughly enjoy, sheï½s changed styles but, While we were down there, uh,
Speaker 1: You know I,
Speaker 2: This It
Speaker 1: Iï½ve seen that somewhere before.
Speaker 2: You know Iï½ve had that painting for thirtyfive years I guess. Iï½ve never framed it. And I really like it. Uh, my My my fatherinlaw wanted to give me a painting for my Piece of art for my office. And so I had a We had a display guy at the time, by the name of Ben Money, fashioned himself as an artist. And I said Ben, pick me out something. fifty bucks to spend. So, he got this from Geri, and I loved it.
Speaker 1: Itï½s beautiful.
Speaker 2: And and, I can see all kinda things in it,
Speaker 1: Itï½s got a lotta color and,
Speaker 2: Lotta color. I see a Chinese junk, At any rate, to make a long This fellow LeRoy Neiman, Sports artist. Not the same guy, as this guy Nierman. Iï½ve forgotten his name.
Speaker 1: Oh I thought there was a connection.
Speaker 2: No. No connection. there is a connection on the story, Well, we looked at a lot of art, in in in the, in the, uh parks, and there at least it was, pleasant weather and, Like that uh, It was sorta like, uh, What the hell they call the district in New York, where on Sunday, they put all the artists, put their paintings out, uh, the Village, the Village.
Speaker 1: The Village.
Speaker 2: You know all the all these artists put their Well they had, must've had three areas like that. and my god, there must've been of paintings. And uh, most of em, very inexpensive. Uh starving artists that were down there, American. Well, uh, we wandered around down in the, the area which, Iï½ve forgotten the area that they called, in Mexico City where, uh, most of the jewelry shops are and things. Itï½s got a name. I canï½t remember, Iï½ve never been back. They also had a lot of, uh, artist galleries down there. And I walked into this gallery, during one of our We were down there maybe ten days. And I saw this guy Nierman. I never heard of him, at that time. He he he got famous at the nineteen, uh, probably seventytwo Olympics. Uh, but his His art was already in collections of guys like Edward gee Robinson, it was very popular in Hollywood. He also was very prolific. Big handlebar mustache. And I walked in, and there must have been about, twelve or fifteen paintings in there. They were, uh,
Speaker 1: You walked into his studio, or,
Speaker 2: It was a gallery. Uh, he didnï½t live there. he didnï½t live in Mexico.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: The The guy the Jewish fellow, theyï½re both Jewish.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: this guy Nierman, who was a Mexican national, lived there.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Forgotten his first name. Leonardo Nierman or something. But any rate, but uh, this guyï½s name was LeRoy Neiman, Iï½d never heard of him, well I'd heard of Nierman. Uh, because Rae went down there wanting to buy one of those paintings. These were paintings, which Iï½d say were about the size of this Joe Namath. there. Which is a seriograph. And, we went in, and uh, they were just back from Acapulco, season was just over in Acapulco. And he had about fifteen twenty paintings, twentyfive paintings, football players, horse races, thatï½s what he did, they were about that size. Iï½d been in there, oh God I looked at em, they just struck me as something, I loved em. They were great. They were you know very Had a very distinctive style. And, uh, the guy said uh, God you've been in here, so many times that, said I'll make you a deal. You pick out any four of these you want, Iï½ll give em to you for fivehundred dollars. The four of em. Shit, I loved those things. I stewed on those son of bitches, stewed on those son of bitches, I figured, I bought those fucking paintings, Iï½d have to buy that damn thing for Rae, or, Iï½d trade that camera for a thousand dollars, and ninehundred dollars to buy another one, I promise you as God is my witness. This guyï½s originals sell for.
Speaker 1: You are kidding.
Speaker 2: They were. He is, big, big, Heï½s the.
Speaker 1: Really.
Speaker 2: And uh, Iï½d never heard of him. And, but of course the price was right for me, but I didnï½t buy em. That was That was about nineteen Spring of sixtyeight. And I was watching the Olympics, of nineteenseventytwo. And heï½d been engaged by the Olympic committee. Uh he was prominent then, but not world famous. And uh, I He was up all over. Heï½s got a great big bull of Bull Moose moustache sort of a deal, General Bull Moose if you remember.
Speaker 1: Yep.
Speaker 2: And uh, his art was so distinctive. And heï½s The sketching. I said Jesus. Thatï½s my man. I remember seeing at the Olympics. I hollered and screamed, and I told the story, Well of course, since that time, I'm on his mailing list, one main gallery in New York, that uh, think distributes for him around the United States, and Iï½m on the mailing list, and they get today, twentyfive hundred to twentysevenfifty for a seriograph. Of which he produces maybe three to fivehundred of em. Depending on the issue. But these were originals. Jon I promise you as God as my witness. I He was I could've walked away with those things and And uh, I I I But thatï½s my story on that machine. That damn thing, and of course, I didnï½t know, Obviously I didnï½t know what I was missing, if Iï½d.
Speaker 1: Obviously.
Speaker 2: But you know,
Speaker 1: But still fivehundred dollars was a lot of money in
Speaker 2: Fivehundred dollars was
Speaker 1: You didnï½t spend that much on the whole trip probably.
Speaker 2: Oh hell I I, you know I I, I would I would say probably, certainly we didnï½t spend fivehundred dollars for, uh, for, novelties and things of that nature, you know it was You you talking about a long time ago. Mexico City was cheap. Jesus Christ,
Speaker 1: Oh man it was
Speaker 2: I mean, We we we stayed in a first rate, I guess what you call today a four star hotel but, hell, I don't imagine we paid, twenty dollars, twentyfive dollars a night. You know uh uh,
Speaker 1: Probably. Probably.
Speaker 2: But uh, anyhow, uh I I I I my I give my wife the story, Every once in a while this guyï½s name Cause uh I I I I I like this guy, love him. Uh, and of course, you know Iï½ve never, uh, This one over here on the right, although itï½s signed by, by n, By, by LeRoy Neiman, Paul, and a uh, And is also signed by the artist, it was done for a, uh,
Speaker 1: Poster?
Speaker 2: A benefit, it was a poster. Thatï½s just, Thatï½s not a, thatï½s not what they call a seriograph, the Joe N, the Joe uh Namath, Who was of course an Alabama football player.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 2: is, I saw it out in San Francisco, and my, my my inlaws bought that for me, uh, but uh, uh,
Speaker 1: Itï½s a beauty though.
Speaker 2: Thatï½s my, That thatï½s my r, Thatï½s my, my experience with one of those machines. I didnï½t have enough judgment to, to trade him that fucking machine,
Speaker 1: To give him the machine.
Speaker 2: because Iï½d say probably it wasnï½t, Like it was like computers. Well in a year or so after that, that thing was so impractical. Cause it was s, heavy heavy heavy. You, uh and,
Speaker 1: Well they' itï½s like you say I Eloise gave me one for Christmas about
Speaker 2: This big. You know, and you buy one for, sixty dollars. Eighty dollars. I got one, I bought from Radio Shack. It's
Speaker 1: Well did Rae ever get uh Nierman,
Speaker 2: No. Never did get it. But she nudged me when she got back, but of course, I guess, I havenï½t done it recently, but over the years I like to tell her this story. tonight, because I havenï½t thought about it in a long time, And sheï½ll say to me, I told you to get em. I told you. I must've gone into the place five times. You know, I'd go in there, and your mouth is just. Shit. If I buy those
Speaker 1: But you knew you were gonna have to buy her
Speaker 2: Well if I had to If I bought those things, Shit I'd have to buy her that damn thing,
Speaker 1: Oh, ainï½t no question.
Speaker 2: And there was no question about that, there wouldnï½t've been Wouldnï½t been any living with her. You know, itï½s uh, y, You know, I Iï½ve gotten a lot better. But in those days, you know, hell I was, uh, maybe, I was, see. Sixtyeight, seventyeight eightyeight, Just twentyseven twentyeight years ago. I was thirtyeight thirtynine years old. And uh, I, I sure didnï½t have I sure wasnï½t prosperous. I had my damn trip budgeted. And uh, to have gone out there and spent, another fifteenhundred to twothousand dollars for artwork, you know, my mother, who was you know strong as moose meat, come back, if sheï½d've known, Sheï½d've figured I needed my fucking head examined.
Speaker 1: Sheï½d've deducted it. Oh.
Speaker 2: Any rate uh,
Speaker 1: Thatï½s a good story though.
Speaker 2: Ah itï½s true story.
Speaker 1: Good story.
Speaker 2: True story. It was a true story. I I
Speaker 1: Well it would've cost you that to replace the doggone machine?
Speaker 2: Aw Iï½d've had to replace it for the store, uh, but as I said it was only a matter of, I guess a year, those things were really antiquated. Although we used em a lot. Uh, in those days, and I, you know I recorded the whole trip, and uh, you know things that we did, It was a wonderful trip,
Speaker 1: Better than keeping a diary?
Speaker 2: Oh yeah. A lot easier. It really is. Uh,
Speaker 1: We
Speaker 2: I keep a
Speaker 1: Remember we tried keeping a diary on the China trip, and man it was arduous.
Speaker 2: Well, I keep a course I we we havenï½t traveled much lately, I keep a diary, when I, go out of the country. Still got em in here. Otherwise, my problem is, and itï½s a lot easier to do it that way, but I, I keep I diary when I go out of the country, The problem is, with me, not that it comes up too much, but someoneï½ll say something to me about somewhere I s, Shit, I I, you know I, I forgot where I went. I have to look, cause I canï½t remember.
Speaker 1: Well you go to so many places, on a cruise particularly,
Speaker 2: Yeah. you know,
Speaker 1: So many places in a short time, that you get em mixed up. Now we canï½t even keep our photos straight without the diary.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah. Well you know, when you get back from your trip, until you make another trip, you can remember. But, having taken as many trips as youï½ve taken, shit, they sorta run together. Iï½m talking about,
Speaker 1: They do.
Speaker 2: the ones that were five years ago,
Speaker 1: Honest they do.
Speaker 2: to separate the trip that you went on this one Itï½s tough to do. And uh, but, they're a lot thatï½s a lot easier than a diary, then you can transcribe it. But uh, I donï½t take, I donï½t take my diary in the domestic United States, and we havenï½t traveled all that much, but I have taken em, uh, first trip I made, you know, out, In nineteenseventysix. Outside of Mexico, out of the country, was I went to, Uh we went to, I went to the Orient. On a business trip. exploratory trip, fifteen days, worked my ass off. But it was uh, went to uh, Japan, went to Osaka, which was the textile city, and then uh, Taipei and Hong Kong. Uh, and it was a, Youï½ve been. Um but it was for me, uh, uh not only an education, weï½d been doing some importing, but uh through, a group. And it was a group of us that went. I guess it probably was, a dozen in our group that went. There was a group of stores that we were associated with, it was a a an interesting trip, uh, very educational. Uh, still got my notes from nineteenseventysix but, and all those god damn cards, you know how they get over there, everybody gives you, gives you,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: gives you a card. I'll never forget how impressed I was with, of all the Orientals, the Japanese are so bright. My god. And uh just uh, uh uh,
Speaker 1: Catch.
Speaker 2: They
Speaker 1: Donï½t they.
Speaker 2: Oh. They really they they really they they really,
Speaker 1: They work at though man, and the Chinese work at it. Theyï½re good students, You know,
Speaker 2: Well yeah. well, you know, we see,
Speaker 1: Listen, look at these people from India. What good students they are. Some of your fine doctors,
Speaker 2: Itï½s amazing.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: You know we see these people, you know You know weï½ve talked about this, all the problems we got with the Blacks, I was just reading an article, I believe it was the this morning. Where I read it. Maybe it was New York Times yesterday. of the Black juveniles in their twenties, are either in jail, on parole, or just released. Thirtythree percent. And then I, I read in another
Speaker 1: And that doesnï½t count how many got away.
Speaker 2: Oh thatï½s right. But thatï½s of the in their twenties. I read an article, within the last three or four months, and Iï½m, I believe Iï½m correct on this figure that, of the United States MRC is. Twelve percent POUNDING. Of the Black male population. As you say, how many You know, how many oughta be in jail, probably that many more. But the point I was gonna make is, and thereï½re always exceptions. Uh not to take anything away from uh, Percy Jones. Whose article I read this morning. because I mean he's, I donï½t know, what his family had, but I mean heï½s, you know heï½s, heï½s heï½s heï½s, come out of it. But, by and large across the board, theyï½ve just never educated themselves. Coming from these backgrounds,
Speaker 1: Well thatï½s the hard part.
Speaker 2: and and yet you
Speaker 1: they havenï½t educated themselves.
Speaker 2: And you see these people come here from POUNDING Taiwan, Korea, Cambodia POUNDING, Taipei, parents canï½t speak English, they come over not speaking English, and they, they excel scholastically, in the most difficult subjects. I mean chemistry, physics, medicine. I remember one year, at the time I remember reading the article, itï½s been ten or twelve years ago, but fourteen, were. Fourteen, uh public and private high schools in ShreveportBos. I remember that, it was a big article, that five valedictorians. For sh_just ShreveportBossier. Five valedictorians that year were of Oriental descent. You know, couldnï½t've been at that time, two hundred and fifty families in the whole damn area.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Uh, You know and you
Speaker 1: You know um,
Speaker 2: and you think about the Jews, the Irish, and the Blacks, and itï½s the same all over the fucking world.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: And I just read an article in New York Times. Yesterday. I clipped it. For my wife to read. Uh, about the fact that, in Israel, where they have brought in, thirtythousand, where do the dark ones come from,
Speaker 1: Ethiopia.
Speaker 2: Ethiopia. Uh, and fivehundredthousand Russians. very proud of the fact that theyï½ve been able to do this, in a country of five million people. Uh, which, would devastate most countries. I mean they, uh,
Speaker 1: Itï½s ten percent.
Speaker 2: the, and and the, the Ethiopians in particular, had a big march last week. Because theyï½re secondclass citizens. The Jews look down on them too. You know they got a, they got a, they got a, uh, a class situation, they look different, they And Course they havenï½t accepted the Russians too well either. Uuh, although the, the the Russians, a high percentage of Russians are, according to this article, uh are scientists, doctors, engineers, mathematicians, and they
Speaker 1: educated the difficult way.
Speaker 2: On areas score, score higher on the test than the, than the the nativeborns, but thereï½s a big, you know thereï½s a, thereï½s a, thereï½s a thereï½s a class differential. Which was interesting. I I really, hadnï½t thought about it in many years, how those Blacks, uh had integrated into the society. I am told, I havenï½t seen any of em, but the Blacks, theyï½re not like our Blacks. theyï½re,
Speaker 1: No no.
Speaker 2: Small, you know smaller features, but uh, they are dark skinned, and uh, they look different. And uh, I donï½t know whether there are any other Black Jews over there, but uh,
Speaker 1: A lot from South Africa, but theyï½re welleducated people down there. A lot of em.
Speaker 2: A lot of Jews from South Afri.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: Iï½m I know that this fellow Goldstone, who was a head of this uh international war crimes tribunal, is a Jewish fellow, because there was a picture of him in the with a yammaka on.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: You had to look close,
Speaker 1: Pretty good indication,
Speaker 2: Pretty good indication.
Speaker 1: Well you know,
Speaker 2: But uh,
Speaker 1: these These What astounds me is, and this goes back into nineteen, letï½s see, seventyseven or something, so this, this goes back, oh further than that, maybe nineteenseventy. in in Houston,