Speaker 2: Hm. yeah.
Speaker 1: And even if I go out and ask for it. you know, I say, I won't feel guilty. I really won't. It's just a set of instructions, I used to program. a little bit, and, and um, those guys have so much fun those programs. you know, that's the I think that's that's pretty
Speaker 2: Yeah well,
Speaker 1: That's pretty much the end of it.
Speaker 2: creative people generally do what they love to do.
Speaker 1: Yeah, right. And that's pretty much the end of the truthful part of the process. The rest of it is all marketing.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: and the marketplace is uh, you know, maybe I think I live in Tangiers. you know? Maybe I think the marketplace is uh, you get what you can get.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: Uh, seems to be that way. you know, as long as I'm not hurting another person directly,
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: You know? or even indirectly. but just throwing my money out there, he may never see a penny of it. he may have sold the rights. outright. You know? That certainly happens in music, Heavens yes. yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: You know? I mean it happens all over the place.
Speaker 2: You know I wish I was, uh, the person, whose voice they used in the telephone, when it tells you, the number has been changed, And that I had uh, copyright, get some royalties. Like, that lady, you know, you hear, the number you have reached, daduh daduh daduh daduh daduh daduh.
Speaker 1: they got a different woman, didn't they.
Speaker 2: Hunh?
Speaker 1: didn't they get a different woman? When she tried to do that?
Speaker 2: I don't know if they did.
Speaker 1: they, they, they hired another voice.
Speaker 2: I didn't hear any followup. but,
Speaker 1: that's what I thought that they did anyways.
Speaker 2: Yeah? hunh. they certainly use her a lot. But I mean they only use, what. a five seconds total or something? You know, it's
Speaker 1: Probably took her a long time to, to say every possible combination.
Speaker 2: oh but, they the computer does that. All she has to do is say each digit. and the computer,
Speaker 1: Oh that's all it is.
Speaker 2: Yeah. it's like a series of samples.
Speaker 1: And it automatically sorts em.
Speaker 2: Unhunh. ,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: right. yeah. so it's, Probably the total actual speaking that they use, is pretty short. It would be much more pleasant if they had done all the combinations though. You know, call it up, and there's something that actually says your number, in toto, You know?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Or, because it recognizes your phone number, it automatically goes into the computer, finds that,
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: and
Speaker 2: that sample. a and names the name,
Speaker 1: Thank you Mister Smith, for calling Pacific Bell.
Speaker 2: yeah, right. You know, That'd be great.
Speaker 1: Push one, if you wish to know my phone number, push two, if you wish to
Speaker 2: My phone number
Speaker 1: you know have dinner with me,
Speaker 2: push three,
Speaker 1: if you want to uh, 0h
Speaker 2: Artificial intelligence personality, that you call up,
Speaker 1: Yeah so, if you do not like this personality, push zero,
Speaker 2: Yeah. and a new personality,
Speaker 1: will be provided for you,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: at no extra charge.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Hunh.
Speaker 1: well the networking of computers is getting uh such that, you know, almost anything's possible. Any
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's why I.
Speaker 1: It's just matrixing, and, just, constantly, building and building, upon building upon building, on these complexities, and building controllers for them,
Speaker 2: That's right,
Speaker 1: and building on top of those.
Speaker 2: And you're building on the thoughts of your predecessors, but your predecessors, in this case, could be like last year. You know it's like, it's moving so fast,
Speaker 1: Oh. So fast.
Speaker 2: It's like a It's a reflection of the brain, and it's communication like books, but it's much quicker. And it's like,
Speaker 1: when they get
Speaker 2: if you can think of something and define it, you can make it happen. If it just about information.
Speaker 1: If it's just about information, I mean you can't
Speaker 2: Yeah. that's very true. You can't conjure something up, like a car out of nothing. But,
Speaker 1: well with the superconductors, uh, that's gonna make it, you know, so economical,
Speaker 2: mhm.
Speaker 1: for everybody, to have, all the electronic, this and that that they want, because there'll be so little loss of electricity,
Speaker 2: Yeah. And it'll be small.
Speaker 1: You know and it It'll be so small, that we'll have enormous uh we should have an enormous supply of it,
Speaker 2: yeah like, every light switch will have its own computer or something you know. Basically, because it'll be cheap enough that, cheap as a switch these days or something,
Speaker 1: it won't cost anything.
Speaker 2: you know?
Speaker 1: and it and when they go into outer space, and start growing this those uh, silicon chips without any flaws, they'll be able to uh,
Speaker 2: Hm. grow circuitry that is so complicated, that, you know, that gravity destroys it. so they'll be able to uh, Hm.
Speaker 1: uh,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: they'll be able to get these fantastic uh circuits, like say for a whole television set, just on one chip. And uh uh, and then it'll harden out there, and they'll bring it back. uh, the whole thing is s, is s, is so sensational.
Speaker 2: That'll be expensive at first.
Speaker 1: God. But can you
Speaker 2: growing em in space, but that's great.
Speaker 1: yeah. it'll it'll uh, it'll be worth it.
Speaker 2: In This technology out of most of, uh m, anything in the past, has it's becoming like we're shaping our our destiny, ourselves. um, with this technology, more than we have in with any other in the past, it seems. just b_like, whatever we think it we can make it. but there's one technology that's um, gonna overtake that, and that's DNA research. which is, like, a total scam at this point, still it's, they're just like, bombarding 0rganisms with radiation, to see what comes up. you know. We have very little control over it. But once we do, we'll be able to program biology as well.
Speaker 1: Well that's pretty frightening concept.
Speaker 2: It is frightening but,
Speaker 1: We can't even control our freeways.
Speaker 2: um, I know.
Speaker 1: you know? I mean,
Speaker 2: but, the thing is, any technology that comes up, it gets used. Once it's out there in the open,
Speaker 1: Well I hope
Speaker 2: the society as a whole,
Speaker 1: I hope they use fractals. Are you familiar with fractals?
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I hope they use a lot of fractals. Because f
Speaker 2: in biology research?
Speaker 1: No. But in, well, the connection between mathematics and biology, can be found
Speaker 2: unhunh.
Speaker 1: uh, more easily with fractals, than it can with uh regular mathematics.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1: So, you know, I'm looking for the connection, between science and, and religion and, and and and biology,
Speaker 2: mhm.
Speaker 1: as it were, you know, the living as spiritual, and the and the,
Speaker 2: Like the ancient science were,
Speaker 1: and the and the scientific, Pardon?
Speaker 2: it was, like the ancient science, it was just a branch of knowledge, which included all knowledge basically.
Speaker 1: Alchemy. alchemy. Right?
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: Whatever gets the job done.
Speaker 1: the gestalt. the totality is taken into account, as opposed to, as opposed to the observer.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: you know, I remember, back in the psychedelic days, there was this poster of the scientist. I've always been on a, kind of a crusade, for scientific uh, responsibility. Right? And scientists are, are taking such control over the world these days. uh with their n, you know, not the scientists, but what they've invented. And the way it's marketed, and the way we're we develop needs for it. And I remember this cartoon I saw w, of, of, it was called The Scientist. and it had this, this wonderful stone statue, about twenty stories tall, of a naked man, and a naked woman, intertwined with each other, hugging each other, full frontal, and their arms wrapped around each other, and then they they looked like they were so intertwined, and they spiraled down and, and they're a they're a statue. right,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: made out of stone. and they're, and the whole base of the statue is crumbling. Right? And it's just like rubble. like from, just below the knees, down, was just kind of rubble. but the rest of it was all real clear, a few 0ttle some of it was chipped off, you know, it was old but, and and down at the bottom, of this, this rubble, was this little man. who was a scientist. And he had this big magnifying glass. and he was looking at the rubble. Looking with his head down,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: not looking up at the statue, and seeing the love, and the symbol there, but looking down at the crumbs, you know,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: at the rubble at the bottom. With his magnifying glass. and, and, to me that, that always symbolized, kind of rather clearly, the limitations of the scientific method. if it doesn't take into account,
Speaker 2: well,
Speaker 1: the the the the whole human experience, and, including, the unbelievable parts of it. the parts that are just legend. and myth. and, and uh, alluded to,
Speaker 2: you mean the theories.
Speaker 1: and, and the psychedelic experiences, and the subjective,
Speaker 2: oh, on that side.
Speaker 1: you know, and insanity,
Speaker 2: and,
Speaker 1: What, I mean, you know they
Speaker 2: well,
Speaker 1: They've got to take into account, uh,
Speaker 2: but,
Speaker 1: the East, you can't, with all its, with all its fantastic discoveries.
Speaker 2: but you can't look at the stars with a microscope. And science is a microscope. Each p_scientist has their, their field of um, expertise, and if they're gonna go, if they're gonna stretch out far enough into the the unknown. where they can find something new. They have to do it in a straight line. They can't do it,
Speaker 1: that's true.
Speaker 2: in all directions at once. Because then you run into things that we already know. So the problem is communication between
Speaker 1: but they're doing it, they're doing it with mathematics. Right? I mean2,
Speaker 2: Well, but the comm,
Speaker 1: no2. problem is, communication between the branches of science.
Speaker 2: I think.
Speaker 1: mhm. that's true.
Speaker 2: cause, who's gonna be able to hold, all that knowledge, and make the connections.
Speaker 1: Well, the philosophers, and the spiritual leaders, and, I mean, cause, the stuff can be understand, understood, The goals,
Speaker 2: Those people can tell you,
Speaker 1: or the, or the cutting cutting edge, can be understand understood intellectually,
Speaker 2: but those people can't tell you the details. they know the whole structure, but see,
Speaker 1: well the
Speaker 2: it's like both sides. You have to have somebody looking at the details,
Speaker 1: got to have a leader,
Speaker 2: and somebody looking at the
Speaker 1: and you got to have, a bunch of workers. You know?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And you gotta have somebody,
Speaker 2: right.
Speaker 1: who d_isn't necessarily inclined to deal with the details that much, who's guiding, those who are willing to sit there,
Speaker 2: I guess that's the problem,
Speaker 1: and make all the
Speaker 2: we don't have a guider.
Speaker 1: yeah. there's no l, there's no lead, or there's no focus.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: and
Speaker 2: That's right.
Speaker 1: and uh, you know, I think, I think that, one of the reasons that there's been no focus is because, 0h, everybody accepted the scientific method as the best tool that we have, And was kinda letting the scientific method be the
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: be the leader. The you know, just continue inventorying and,
Speaker 2: Well those people who are doing research.
Speaker 1: continue inventorying, cataloging, _experimenting, You know. documenting. uh, uh, whatever. and, instead of, instead of uh, uh coming at it from another direction. Trying to find, trying to find, uh, trying to find ways to, to, like with with Einstein for example, you know, uh, it seemed to me, he was trying to T_he was experimenting with, with new ways of doing things, you know,
Speaker 2: thinking about things.
Speaker 1: uh and thinking about things, and he was trying to he I think he was ultimately trying to, trying to discover the speed of his own thought.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: You know, he was like, really off into wonderful abstract notions, that were all based in a peaceful world. You know? that couldn't exist unless he was secure. that we had a peaceful world. or that that peace was part of it. Of what he was about. and, so much of today's technology is soulless. and has nothing to do with peace, it has to do with, just generally, chewing up, you know, consumerism basically and,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: chewing up chewing up new uh, chewing up the human experience, and turning it into, some kind of consumer need.
Speaker 2: Did you ever get into Tesla?
Speaker 1: uh, just, 0. 000000e00ver so peripherally.
Speaker 2: He had a lot of real wacky ideas on big levels. He wanted a world power system, that you could um, tap into the air basically, and get power anywhere on earth. and um,
Speaker 1: that's what the Tesla coil was about?
Speaker 2: Yeah. but, the problem was, that it, it uh, it interfered with um, well, matter. I mean, it was not a clean broadcast system. Like everything in the room, if you had a Tesla coil in the middle of the room, all the metal objects would be receiving it constantly.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: So, it wasn't really a very efficient either. Because you'd have to have an immense amount of power being broadcast, so that, a few points could receive, you know, their share of it.
Speaker 1: now what about, if they with the superconductor. Will that change all that?
Speaker 2: I don't know. He was dealing with it being basically energy, and being sent through the air, uh you know, like light,
Speaker 1: like, yeah. Like tapping right into just the energy of the earth, or something.
Speaker 2: yeah. which doesn't really require a conductor.
Speaker 1: yeah
Speaker 2: you know, I mean light will go through a vacuum. So, I think he was, I mean he basically invented the radio, and stuff like that, you know.
Speaker 1: It's pretty confusing to me. but uh, yeah, those those guys are the guys I think that are the heroes, uh, or, that are the unsung heroes.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: You know, the the uh, and and and business and, I mean this is a cliche, but, but business has always uh, taken these works, and, and manipulated em, either, to their benefit, or, to our benefit, or to our detriment, or something, based on economic, what the obvious, or the
Speaker 2: hm.
Speaker 1: more immediate economic
Speaker 2: Right. it's like, well, gee, yeah, I know I know how we can make money with this. I mean you just do it.
Speaker 1: yeah. that's what I like about fractals. is because uh, uh, with these new mathematical formulas,
Speaker 2: mhm.
Speaker 1: even though, you know, because it's mathematical, and it it has to work I guess with numbers in it. some way. uh, it's opens a door into, what appears to be all the substance that's underneath the obvious. You know,
Speaker 2: hm.
Speaker 1: with if if regular math is the obvious, uh, these fractals seem to, seem to represent, everything that numbers aren't. and uh that's
Speaker 2: Well, something that numbers aren't. I don't think it's everything.
Speaker 1: not everything.
Speaker 2: cause there are t, but
Speaker 1: but the first window, into that.
Speaker 2: yeah. well, it like every theory is just like, _it's a window, and it's also like a model of um reality, and it's really not reality. And uh, like a fractal can get really close at like describing growth patterns, like a plant or something.
Speaker 1: Yes. Yes. Right.
Speaker 2: Um, Right. but, it's still not the totality of a plant,
Speaker 1: No it isn't, by any stretch. But for mathematics or for science, it's it's an opportunity for them to
Speaker 2: it's the closest thing we have.
Speaker 1: to, yeah. To get closer to, to the chaos, or the,
Speaker 2: Mhm. or the order of chaos, Uh, that exists uh, uh 0h as subtext, to our life, to our experience on this planet. And when we're, Mm.
Speaker 1: and when we're when we're going to, uh, say blow up the first atomic bomb, and and and, we don't bother, to ask the American people, or the people of the world, if if if we mind, uh, if there's a chance you know, cause they didn't know for sure, whether it would destroy the universe or not.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Or not.
Speaker 1: And, It might have started a chain reaction that just blew up the whole earth. That's right. And it might very well still have started that chain reaction. And that it's all happening in fractal country, and it has
Speaker 2: Aah.
Speaker 1: and it, and it's manifesting itself in, in disharmony, uh, in, in the deterioration of the planet. We're all worried about the ozone, we're all worried about the uh,
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: uh, cancer is everywhere, uh,
Speaker 2: so you're saying it might have done the same bad thing, but in a sort of more roundabout way.
Speaker 1: it's just that the except that the universe is such a complex phenomenon, that it's so deep, it's f the fabric that we are witnessing, through science, and through any known ability to understand,
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: is just a thin shell from how deep, this phantasmagorical experience goes, and that when they did that, it's possible that they started a chain reaction, at such a subatomic level, a sub sub sub sub subatomic level,
Speaker 2: it's gonna take a while to crumble.
Speaker 1: that it'll take a while before it, it, it really, you know, goes, you know, and just rips it apart.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: it might take, it might take, a few it might take five hundred years. or a thousand years.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: or a hundred years. or maybe it's maybe in fifty years. or it might never happen but, it's to me, that was scientific irresponsibility. And, without the knowledge of, of f, what fractals symbolize, at this point, to me, uh, they they could make that decision easier. And, with the
Speaker 2: fractals could have made the decision easier?
Speaker 1: No. No. Without the knowledge of fractals. The decision was made easier. If fractals were known at that time,
Speaker 2: oh.
Speaker 1: there might have been a little more caution, because there was, there's this window.
Speaker 2: but fractals don't uh, don't imply any particular morals.
Speaker 1: well they imply, no they don't imply morals, but they do imply that there's more than the obvious going on.
Speaker 2: Well all math does that.
Speaker 1: Uh, not to me. uh
Speaker 2: They're just another system, that's all, just another model.
Speaker 1: it's, to me it's a model, it's it's a model into the fourth dimension, as opposed to, you know,
Speaker 2: Well,
Speaker 1: the third dimension. actually,
Speaker 2: Einstein's theory is a model in the fourth dimension, and that's time. Um, but fractal can be applied to, many dimensions or or just, I mean, any number of dimensions. it's basically, taking something and dividing it up randomly. or, with some system. it's like nested, nested values. basically. Inside a gallon you have four quarts, inside of four inside a quart you have, the certain amount of cups, and then, you know. etcetera etcetera.
Speaker 1: well,
Speaker 2: I don't see how it's
Speaker 1: yeah, except it's not, it's not uh, it's not so, it's not squared, and it's not as predictable as that. I mean it's uh, it's, it's not predictable at all really. It's, it's a it's a found phenomenon.
Speaker 2: Well it's not predictable if you apply random values to the subdivisions.
Speaker 1: The subdivisions have to be random. They it has to have randomness to it. the order, I don't think is, is understood. yet. I mean I might be wrong, but that's my understanding.
Speaker 2: Hm. well, I think,
Speaker 1: SMOKING that's why, they're calling it, the they're calling it, uh, the mathematics of chaos SMOKING.
Speaker 2: Oh, that's a different thing. That's not fractals.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's fractals. SMOKING It includes other
Speaker 2: well fractals can be used to describe chaos.
Speaker 1: it includes, it includes SMOKING other, it Yes. It can. And it includes other mathematics too.
Speaker 2: But fractals is separate. I mean, and chaos is they overlap.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Chaos is basically analysis of noise.
Speaker 1: for the scientist, For the scientist, the scientist has never has never had a tool, where he had that overlap. you see.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: see that's that's the point that I'm trying to get at. is is that, because the scientific method now has that tool of overlap, it's giving them something that they never had before.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: and, that is an opportunity for, to meet spirituality.
Speaker 2: Yeah well, there's u
Speaker 1: in physics.
Speaker 2: There's opportunities to meet spirituality, twentyfour hours a day wherever you go. just by being alive. If they don't wanna see it, they're not gonna see it in fractals.
Speaker 1: Well yeah, a lot of people will. A lot of people will uh, it'll dawn on them, because they follow the scientific impulse, and, fractals may be the very thing that boggles them out enough, where they have to do some serious questioning about things. is my theory.
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: You know.
Speaker 2: Maybe. They'll probably find it in something, if there fractals weren't there. I think um, it's like all the the ideas that we have, throughout the ages, and the various, they're just sort of echos of uh, the past. And they come under different names and things. Just like um, the latest power now is corporations. Right? And before that it was, like uh governments, before that it was, principalities, before that it was gangs, you know.
Speaker 1: And tribes.
Speaker 2: And gangs are coming back, now, you know? but uh,
Speaker 1: God, are they ever.
Speaker 2: um,
Speaker 1: it's unbelievable.
Speaker 2: And knowledge, and and the pursuit of um, spirituality, has taken on many forms, And if a person wants to find it in, in something they believe in, and they believe in science, they'll find it in science.
Speaker 1: well that's very true, but I mean, that I think that that that people who find spirituality in science, as their sole spiritual source are, people that are fucking up the planet. You know? I don't think science is the I don't think science can be God. I've been watching Two Thousand And One lately. You know? I mean that's what that's all that's not what it's all about, but that's a, a major theme in it. you know, that, the race between the human and the, and the
Speaker 2: mhm.
Speaker 1: and its, and its technological manifestation of, well you know, I think that, we built
Speaker 2: it's like are we gonna be part of it, or are we gonna make it.
Speaker 1: Is it gonna do us, or are we gonna do it. you know, is our creation, it's like the Frankenstein myth. Is our creation going to uh, destroy us? or are we going to continue.
Speaker 2: Yeah uh, look at what's on TV.
Speaker 1: yeah. I just put it on.
Speaker 2: Mandelbrot.
Speaker 1: I just put it on. oh,
Speaker 2: okay.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: I see. I thought they were showing that on the uh ads, for some reason. A little too hip for TV.
Speaker 1: Little too hip, yeah.
Speaker 2: So they're colorcycling right now. Does it zoom later?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I guess it must. I've got zooms on here too. and I
Speaker 2: Where'd you tape it from.
Speaker 1: M_ uh, This one's Fractal Fantasy, which is, for sale.
Speaker 2: Hunh.
Speaker 1: and the other one is uh, Fractal Zooms, which I don't think is available, and then I've got a uh test film from IBM laboratories. of uh, uh, uh, taking a Julia set into the fourth dimension.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: which and then they zoom through it, it's pretty pretty fantastic looking