Speaker 1: Ow.
Speaker 2: Is he still a virgin?
Speaker 1: Uh,
Speaker 2: Just out of curiosity,
Speaker 1: he bought a hooker. But, was he a virgin when you knew him?
Speaker 2: I meant, has he ever had a girl where he didn't have to pay her.
Speaker 1: Oh oh, he got, like, I told you about the time he got like a blowjob at the lakefront.
Speaker 2: No, you didn't.
Speaker 1: Oh no way. Um, well what happened was, I was just, me and Janine, well let me back up here. I started hanging out with Janine, Janine and I got smashed, and we like made out at the lakefront. I don't need the details.
Speaker 2: By the way, I saw the Janine last night.
Speaker 1: Oh cool, how's she doing.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: I haven't seen her in half a billion years, so, um, but anyways, we were like making out and stuff at Duncan lakefront, so that's what we regularly, PAR well not regularly, did this like two three times, something like that PAR. So after Victor's, after Tom had two women, like, fighting over who he's gonna go home with, he went home with this like uh, one other girl, like a heavyset girl, and, me and Janine and all of us were walking down the hill. You know, going down, where the pier is? Except, we were going down that big hill? And it's like uh, me and Janine were used to walking down that steep grassy part, and they went around. So we hurried up and went in the grassy part, by the tennis courts. It was real dark, and you couldn't see us at all, after we had gotten to that little plank. So we like hurried up to this one spot we always went to, we sat and looked around, and Tom and them were yelling and screaming for us. You know and they, started making out, like, a hundred yards away from us. You know, but there's trees, and they were standing, in front of a tree, so you couldn't see them, and we were sitting by like a tree, so you couldn't see us. So they were making out, and we're sitting there talking and stuff and junk, and then it's like, all of a sudden we hear, and that was just the damndest noise, and a very distinctive noise, so, I'm like, doing what I think they're doing, and we're looking around the corner, I couldn't see anything. And then all of a sudden, I saw, Tom I don't know, took a step back or something, and I could see Tom. Or something, I don't know, on this side of the tree, and then I saw a head. Or a movement lower than what I saw Tom. So then the picture became clear that, he's getting head from this chick he didn't even know, And that was kinda cool. So, I don't know if he,
Speaker 2: So did he do her, or did he just get the blowjob.
Speaker 1: Just the blowjob. It's like, it was getting late and she had to work in the morning. But, and that's the first chick I ever saw him with here in the United States otherwise. He's only paid for it. You know.
Speaker 2: Did he pay for it back home? Or,
Speaker 1: Yeah, fifty bucks, for hookers, it's kind of a good price, I mean, nowadays here, you'd have to like, you know, pay fifty bucks to go out to dinner and a movie, and then you have to be real nice, and then maybe just maybe, something might happen, if she likes you and, if the wind's blowing in the right direction and, no one tripped over anything earlier in that day, and well, take fifty bucks, go get a hooker, and then, go out and have some fun.
Speaker 2: Or you could always go down to that one strip in Chicago.
Speaker 1: What strip.
Speaker 2: The one over, by Crowbar?
Speaker 1: No?
Speaker 2: It's like by the bridge?
Speaker 1: Okay what, what's, what
Speaker 2: There's like a whole strip. That's like that whole strip right there. There's all the the classic.
Speaker 1: Really?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Hunh.
Speaker 2: It's like, if you go in the summertime, I mean it's just lined with em.
Speaker 1: Wow, thanks for telling me.
Speaker 2: Just literally lined with it, lined with em, and it's like, all these cars are like pulled over, and they're like, It's like,
Speaker 1: Wow,
Speaker 2: It's You see all these these hookers, and, you're going, it was like, So the one time I went with uh, John and Zeus, to Crowbar, on Fourth of July and they're, they're all lined out, there's like maybe, probably about a hundred prostitutes, walking up and down the street, and, uh, I was like well, hey, Zeus. It was like, you?
Speaker 1: Cool,
Speaker 2: He was like, uh, no? So, and then, there was, actually, there was a a Russian prostitute, in Victor's, on Wednesday night.
Speaker 1: Really, I didn't see her.
Speaker 2: She was She was like standing right by us. And, it's cause, Mary was like, oh my God, she always dressed like an alien. And then she always looks so goofy. And,
Speaker 1: No, I had never I didn't see her. Where was she.
Speaker 2: Uh, she was to my right. At the bar? And she had these like spandex I mean she did look like kind of like she had a space outfit on? It was like black, and it was like the skirt flared out and shit? And it was just, she kinda looked like a Judy Jetson, I mean she looked really goofy,
Speaker 1: No. You gotta point her out like Wednesday.
Speaker 2: And, I was like, oh my God. You know? So,
Speaker 1: I'll bring some extra money, no?
Speaker 2: Um, Mary said, it was like, she's a prostitute, she's really weird too.
Speaker 1: Wow. That's kinda cool.
Speaker 2: Yeah so, anyway, that, and then um, I'll never forget the one time Rob and I went down to I went to visit Rob in Chicago. It was a Sunday afternoon, it was like, probably like three or four in the afternoon. We were like, let's take a drive around the city. You know? Just for a Sunday drive. So we were driving around in the city and, all of a sudden we see the classic hooker. She's got, the fishnet stockings on, obviously she's like a fivedollar hooker,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: trying to get her her afternoon fix. So that she can go get drugs. And she's got her skirt, she had a miniskirt on. She had her her hand in her She's like exposing her bush, and, it's like, you know, using her tongue and shit, and she's like leaning, like this to us, and we're like, uh, keep driving. We were like, oh that was just nasty. She just looked nasty.
Speaker 1: Wow. Well you could've pulled over and said hello. No but, the only hooker I thought I saw, okay, I think I told you about this. When me and Steve Greg and Tom went to like Chicago? Did I tell you about that?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I remember that. It was like,
Speaker 1: that hooker oh come on guys, I'm not a carjacker. Well yeah, but, no this hooker was kinda interesting. Um, we were pulling near Crowbar, we were looking for pulling out, uh, we saw this hooker. Across the street. Kinda waving us over. And I'm looking at it, and everyone's like saying, yeah, pull over pull over pull over. You know, and I'm like, okay, this is kinda cool, uh, so, I'm thinking, okay just for a joke, we should pull over or say something. But then, I looked over to the right, and there's this white van. Clean white van, in warehouse district. You know, sitting there, you know across the street from this hooker. And I'm like, no, I'm not gonna be on Cops. Cause that's what it was. And then she eventually like, we started drive away, and then she started walking towards the white van, but, that's the only hooker we've seen.
Speaker 2: Oh no this one, on, that whole It was like you know when you go When you turn off the freeway, by that Blockbuster, and you turn left?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Okay. It's like And you're going straight? And you go over that bridge, just before you hit the bridge, and on the bridge, until you get to that street that you turn on Crowbar, it's all lined with hookers, in the summertime?
Speaker 1: T_ So why don't they like bust em.
Speaker 2: No there are cops there that bust em,
Speaker 1: They just keep going back though.
Speaker 2: Yeah. They just keep going back.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: It's like, now it's too cold for them, but, uh, otherwise they, there's like, the whole strip is just the classic type of hookers.
Speaker 1: Thank you for the information.
Speaker 2: You're welcome,
Speaker 1: I'll sure remember that. Next time I'm like, feeling kinda bored.
Speaker 2: And once, it was kind of funny cause uh, it was like, all these cops are like there. You know they're like driving, they don't do anything.
Speaker 1: Hm.
Speaker 2: Some of em. You know they just keep driving, you know or they'll, they'll stop, and they'll like talk to the girls or whatever and,
Speaker 1: cool,
Speaker 2: and shit,
Speaker 1: get lucky on duty.
Speaker 2: Did you hear about that cop in Milwaukee?
Speaker 1: Oh yeah, I loved that. I thought it was funny? That was hilarious, that shit with that Ah who cares, not me. Dumbass. So, um, like what are we doing, we're gonna grab some movies and,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: drink, cause it's still early. Cause you're too sober for me.
Speaker 2: Well do you wanna grab me a beer? Please? Watch out for the lasagna. I I have lasagna.
Speaker 1: Did you eat it, or should we
Speaker 2: Or mostaccioli, I'm sorry,
Speaker 1: Okay cool, I was just about to say, did you want
Speaker 2: We can heat it up.
Speaker 1: Did you wanna get some munchies, that's what I was gonna
Speaker 2: I have I have pizza too.
Speaker 1: Oh, too bad we don't have a lot of money, I feel like something spicy, like Chinese or,
Speaker 2: Have Wong's Wok near here.
Speaker 1: Hey, don't knock Wong's Wok.
Speaker 2: Oh I'm not.
Speaker 1: It's
Speaker 2: I I eat Wong's Wok all the time.
Speaker 1: I don't know. Did you wanna do something like that? Or no,
Speaker 2: Yeah, let me just kinda wake up and liven up a little.
Speaker 1: And put on some clothes? Well you don't have to put on any clothes,
Speaker 2: But it's like, you know it's like I have to, also watch Melrose Place.
Speaker 1: Oh lord, I avoided How long's that show been on, like four years?
Speaker 2: W, three or four,
Speaker 1: I've avoided watching that show, for four years.
Speaker 2: Well I don't care. It's my favorite show, and tonight Billy finds out about, his little bitch wife lied to him, she uh, told him that she was pregnant?
Speaker 1: Yeah?
Speaker 2: And she exhibited all the classic signs and shit? And they told everyone? Well, it was, turned out that she just wanted it so bad? That uh, that she had signs that she was pregnant? And, so, now she's like uh, he's gonna divorce her I think. Thank God.
Speaker 1: Man,
Speaker 2: Cause he belonged with Billy, or I mean Allison anyway.
Speaker 1: You didn't tell me that the mostaccioli was like of the beer, I got my hand like five inches deep in the damn thing,
Speaker 2: towel?
Speaker 1: No, I wiped it off on my jacket. So um, Now my dog is gonna lick my coat.
Speaker 2: Why is my hand so tender today.
Speaker 1: I don't know,
Speaker 2: Usually I can open this. Without help.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: Shit.
Speaker 1: One of these days I'll have a really fun drunken New Year.
Speaker 2: Well, maybe next year. Because I'll be, it's like, there's no way I work in another, it's like, I'll be out of bar business by that time. Cause I'm not working another fucking New Year's.
Speaker 1: I wouldn't mind going into Chicago.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's what I wanna do.
Speaker 1: That's gonna be my plan, oh, um, so far I've talked to everyone, everyone said yeah, but, who knows, the money might not be there. We're planning to go to New York in nineteen ninetynine.
Speaker 2: Cool.
Speaker 1: Two thousand we're gonna be in New York somewhere. You're welcome to come along.
Speaker 2: That'd be cool.
Speaker 1: I thought so. Well hopefully I won't be with Natalie by then so.
Speaker 2: God I hope not.
Speaker 1: Yeah,
Speaker 2: That'll ruin everything.
Speaker 1: Yeah, my social life is going downhill. Well my social life is naturally going downhill, because everyone I know is getting old, which really sucks.
Speaker 2: Shit. Football. I hate football.
Speaker 1: Yeah, same here. Everyone's getting old, no one wants to drink anymore, everyone's got girlfriends that they care about,
Speaker 2: I know, it's like I don't even hear from Gregg anymore, what's up with that.
Speaker 1: I don't know, he, Kathy's gonna be gone for two weeks so,
Speaker 2: So all of a sudden it's like, he's gonna spring back into our lives, hoping?
Speaker 1: Probably,
Speaker 2: I don't think so.
Speaker 1: Well ever since he heard that I was having problems with my band, you know, he's been calling me a lot more, we've been hanging out and stuff,
Speaker 2: I just really That's what pisses me off. Cause like, the same thing is going on with uh, with Marlisse. You know, it's, it was like, all of a sudden, well here we did all this stuff, and, for about a month now she's had a boyfriend?
Speaker 1: Mhm,
Speaker 2: And, I call her, she's never home. It's like, uh, I got a hold of her yesterday, actually, I mean I even tried to call her on New on Christmas. And she wasn't there, and, now it's like, I'm like, uh, where the hell are you? You know, and, I haven't seen you in a while,
Speaker 1: Mhm,
Speaker 2: and then she's going out of town, Florida for, till like school starts now, on the third,
Speaker 1: Yeah,
Speaker 2: So,
Speaker 1: It all sucks.
Speaker 2: I remember this story,
Speaker 1: It all sucks, because, it's one thing like for me and you to hang out, and stuff like that at Victor's, and whatever, but, we're at two totally different social levels. I mean it's easier for women to walk into a bar, not know anyone, and then come out knowing everybody. It's hard for a guy to, because then he comes off like a big huge pervert. So, I'd have to be chasing you around, and cramping your style, it's just cool that, all the girls go out, and all guys go out, and if you're two social whatever, at the same bouncing around know everybody level, it's cool. You know, cause I don't wanna sit here and drag you down, and stuff and junk. Cool.
Speaker 2: You remember this story?
Speaker 1: No. What is it.
Speaker 2: This This guy, this is a true story, uh, he took a Well it took em like over twenty years to catch this guy. He went and shot his entire family. And then disappeared.
Speaker 1: Well? So why did he shoot his family.
Speaker 2: Cause he was afraid that their morality was going downhill.
Speaker 1: Well, yeah?
Speaker 2: So he shot his mother, his kids and his wife. Oh and his daughter.
Speaker 1: Uhoh, WH I can kick em, I can kick em WH. I
Speaker 2: You know the last time I seen gr, it was like, last night I was f, You know it was like, I was at Victor's, and all of a sudden I saw Showgirls?
Speaker 1: Mhm?
Speaker 2: Was on, or, on videotape now? And ah,
Speaker 1: Cool. Shoot her. Don't have her look at you.
Speaker 2: That was the last time I did anything with Gregg though.
Speaker 1: That was when,
Speaker 2: Oh, and you know what also hap, is like they wound up not, their Since he like cancelled all this stuff, and like he pulled He had said it's like, you know, I'm pulling my kids out of school, I'm taking em out, out for a vacation and shit? And all this and that, so no one suspected that the family was dead.
Speaker 1: For how long.
Speaker 2: A month, or two months,
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: So they were like laying there, in the house, and all of a sudden it's like started stinking, and someone walked in the house, and found all their decomposed bodies? And he, by this time he had disappeared.
Speaker 1: Cool. Cool. Cool. That's rude.
Speaker 2: So.
Speaker 1: After twenty years, they could let the guy go. You know,
Speaker 2: He killed his whole fucking family though.
Speaker 1: Yeah that's twenty years ago. He didn't do it since. At least they're now moral.
Speaker 2: Ts
Speaker 1: What.
Speaker 2: I can't believe your rationale.
Speaker 1: I would never, like you know, seriously, think about walking up behind someone with a gun. And like pulling the trigger, and watching your brains splatter all over the nice white I mean, I mean, all over the wall. Just wanted to scare you a little bit. Did you catch the little reference to white wall? You know whitewalls, see, get it, no I'm just joking, I wish I was at Metropolis yesterday. I think it would've been cool. I think Gregg and them would have been a little bit more motivated. Than at The Planet? You know, cause there's no food or nothing?
Speaker 2: We didn't have food either.
Speaker 1: Well that sucks. New Years are going downhill now.
Speaker 2: We used to.
Speaker 1: I think I liked her before.
Speaker 2: With all her chubby stuff?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I don't like em bone thin.
Speaker 2: I still don't I think she's ugly.
Speaker 1: Yeah, still ugly, yeah I know. But, I I don't like like super skinny railly, rib poking me in my like whatever? You know? I like it when you can like poke a female, and she jiggles for like two seconds afterwards, I like I like that. I like em healthy. I like when we can sit down to
Speaker 2: Robust? Well then I don't understand why you like Rita.
Speaker 1: Cause she's got like awesome eyes.
Speaker 2: Oh. But she's like a s She's like a walking skeleton. Man.
Speaker 1: I agree, but she's got nice eyes. I mean I I I like her, but um, I mean we never, I could never date her. Cause there's a difference for me, I like a lot of people. Like for instance, um, your friend?
Speaker 2: Oh Beth?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I could date her. Did you just like accidentally tell her what I told you to tell her?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: What'd she say.
Speaker 2: Well actually she was interested in that guy at the Country Kitchen.
Speaker 1: I know. That sucks. My heart's broken.
Speaker 2: I'm sorry,
Speaker 1: Mm, now do you see why I didn't go?
Speaker 2: Yeah. But it turned out he didn't even show up I guess.
Speaker 1: Ahha. And it's got me on tape saying it. Damn it. Cool. To just burn his house? No. Eighteen years, Ooh.
Speaker 2: This was the first time that it was done? Recede,
Speaker 1: Hm? Wow. Hm.
Speaker 2: Why wouldn't you leave the country. I would leave the country.
Speaker 1: Yeah. I'd be pissed though. I mean, twenty years to get away with it, all of a sudden,
Speaker 2: I don't know why. It's, like why would you wanna stay there. Uh stay in the United States. If I would I mean, if you could commit the perfect crime, get away with it, would you stay in the country, or would you leave.
Speaker 1: It'd be kinda hard to like, go to a like another country you know?
Speaker 2: Well I mean, he had like twenty thousand dollars. Okay?
Speaker 1: In nineteen seventy.
Speaker 2: In seventy. That's like so, so it's like, all she had to do, he had to do, was like get on a plane, go to England. Get a work permit and shit,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: He had a thirtyday head start.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's true. Plus he was already at airport.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I wouldn't carry my own paperwork. Forget that, I'm guilty, I wouldn't carry it.
Speaker 2: Ah jeez. I
Speaker 1: Insanity,
Speaker 2: I mean it's it's, kinda reminds me of that, It's like, I I'm surprised something like him di, you know like uh Dahmer? And what's his name,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: that other guy?
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Did happen to him. Cause they're like weaker type men. You know in prison they'd never survive.
Speaker 1: I know. Not if you hurt women. Then you become one. Even though it wouldn't be bad,
Speaker 2: Well,
Speaker 1: to have some guy named Bubba, well, we won't go there.
Speaker 2: Well that doesn' Been reading those books is like, oh my God, it's like there, there's this one, like they tell like the different guys' point of view sometime? And this one guy, he uh, Well actually they tell like a couple different guys' point of view, and the guys get raped too.
Speaker 1: Ah.
Speaker 2: And then like, and then they'll like take these butt plugs, or whatever you wanna call em, and they'll shove it up their anus, and, they have to walk around with it?
Speaker 1: Ah,
Speaker 2: And then they have, it's like, sometimes they'll like stuff this other gag in their mouth, that's the shape of a penis? And like tie it on their face, And they have to And it's like, this one guy was say it was like, they got sent to the village. Which you don't wanna get sent to the village. But they do. And, they go, it was like this one guy, he gets this master. And, he winds up, the master falls in love with him, but he was like, like the day before, he makes him walk around, he's like a human pony. And they stick the, the thing up his anus? And it's got like a horse
Speaker 1: A tail.
Speaker 2: A tail.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: And, he has to run around the city, he's like pulling a cart with these other people. Pulling this cart around, with this thing up his butt.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: And, it was like, parade around like that.
Speaker 1: That's cool. Ah oh,
Speaker 2: And, I'm just sort of going,
Speaker 1: Why.
Speaker 2: Ugh, so nasty.
Speaker 1: Why is it nasty.
Speaker 2: I don't know. It' I was talking to my one friend to uh, her name's Leah? And, she's Iranian. Well actually she's quite cool, she's She's Muslim? It's like, she uh, she's not a virgin. But, uh,
Speaker 1: Ooh, she could be stoned. Go ahead.
Speaker 2: But, I mean, but she's been raised here.
Speaker 1: Ah. Really? Is she single?
Speaker 2: Uh, no, she's uh, actually her boyfriend's coming in from Morocco.
Speaker 1: Okay. No, I was just joking anyways but,
Speaker 2: But,
Speaker 1: Can I see your Marlboro case for a second? Just keep talking.
Speaker 2: And uh, anyway, she uh, they ran out of Marlboro Lights at work, so I had to go to Marlboros.
Speaker 1: And then I'll show you something about these.
Speaker 2: Okay. But uh, anyway, we were talking, cause it's like I was telling her, we were talking about this these, I was telling her about the books I was reading, and then we got on the subject of anal sex, and I told her I was like well, I remember when, my exboyfriend tried to get me to try it? But I Always told him no?
Speaker 1: Mhm?
Speaker 2: MRC Things are meant to come out, not go in MRC, in that hole.
Speaker 1: Hm.
Speaker 2: She said that she had done it? Like twice? She's like, oh my God I feel so dirty whenever I do it, and it hurts so fucking bad.
Speaker 1: Mhm?
Speaker 2: And, that convinced, I'm like, she's like,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: Cause the one thing that's like, when I, what When uh, Lamar kept pressuring me to do it, and she said that like, when you, in the Muslim, it's like if you do that, you know, it's like, in Islam you're not considered Muslim anymore.
Speaker 1: Oh?
Speaker 2: If you have anal sex. But I remember like uh, Lamar telling me once that, he had a girlfriend? Back home? And she didn't wanna lose her virginity? They were gonna have sex, so it's like instead, they always had anal sex? Instead.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: And, I'm like,
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: Okay what are you gonna show me.
Speaker 1: This is interesting. I didn't know this until like, I I listened to Def Comedy Jam. This guy was telling jokes about Marlboros. And how they're racist. Did you ever hear this?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: Did you ever notice a Marlboro, the sign? That, this thing right here?
Speaker 2: The
Speaker 1: The whole red thing? The red thing?
Speaker 2: Okay,
Speaker 1: Okay, now Are you watching me?
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: It's a kay. There's a kay. There's a kay, okay you with me?
Speaker 2: Unhunh?
Speaker 1: So, here's a kay, here's a kay, here's a kay. There's no kay. Three kays?
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: Get it?
Speaker 2: Never even thought about it.
Speaker 1: I never did either. Until I looked at this and I'm like, well there's room enough to put another kay here. You know? Somewhere, but there's not. Get it?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: There's no kay anywhere else. Three kays.
Speaker 2: T
Speaker 1: But it's, I just thought you'd find it interesting. Anyways cool. Okay. What is this guy doing now.