Speaker 2: Excuse me.
Speaker 1: Hey, how are you guy?
Speaker 2: Are you Larry? Are you Larry?
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: Are you How are you. You're the guy.
Speaker 1: Hunh?
Speaker 2: You're the guy to talk to then.
Speaker 1: I'm the guy. Yeah.
Speaker 2: I didn't know if I had the right place.
Speaker 1: Yeah, you got it. I just
Speaker 2: What are you doing there.
Speaker 1: Yeah this is strange, what's this guy doing. I'm putting water in a gallon container,
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Cause I had to haul it to a property, That's quite a which doesn't have any water, and I have to spray the road.
Speaker 2: Ah.
Speaker 1: Cause the road before you can drive on it,
Speaker 2: Interesting.
Speaker 1: it needs more uh more stability. Evidently. So give me one second to lock this thing, and then,
Speaker 2: Is that to keep the dust, keep the dust down?
Speaker 1: well, no, it's not that so much, it's uh, they put, they put a uh, a type of uh base on it that needs water and, that just hasn't happened yet.
Speaker 2: Oh, I see. So there's some chemical reaction that has to take place,
Speaker 1: Yeah. I guess. no. That should hold it in there. Okay. Nice to meet you.
Speaker 2: How you doing. Good to see you.
Speaker 1: What's your name?
Speaker 2: Seth.
Speaker 1: Seth. Okay.
Speaker 2: Here's my card here.
Speaker 1: Thanks Seth.
Speaker 2: Is this the house we're looking at?
Speaker 1: I'll take you down in the basement.
Speaker 2: Is the furnace down in the basement?
Speaker 1: What's left of it, yeah. We had all these
Speaker 2: Is it a old system?
Speaker 1: Yeah. We had the asbestos uh all removed from it and, and uh,
Speaker 2: Oh really.
Speaker 1: so that's been done.
Speaker 2: I was I was just at a place that does asbestos removal.
Speaker 1: Yeah, where,
Speaker 2: Cal Cal Tech?
Speaker 1: they're the guys that did it.
Speaker 2: Are they? Alright.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's down in Berkeley, right?
Speaker 2: No they're they've got an office here in Nappa.
Speaker 1: Cal Tech. No. Synergy. That's who.
Speaker 2: Synergy.
Speaker 1: I I'm sorry. different one. It's a different outfit. I didn't know they had one up here.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Though I think they had just recently moved here.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Cause I was wondering
Speaker 1: So where's the man with the uh camera, and the
Speaker 2: Oh I got the I got my recorder right here.
Speaker 1: That's pretty clever.
Speaker 2: Yeah, my brother is uh, teaches linguistics, and I guess he's doing this study,
Speaker 1: Oh,
Speaker 2: and they just want business conversations.
Speaker 1: alright. Well?
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: Here's the animal.
Speaker 2: My gosh. Wow.
Speaker 1: They took uh some of it with em obviously.
Speaker 2: Did this used to be used to be an old oil
Speaker 1: Yeah. I think it was an old,
Speaker 2: fire?
Speaker 1: I think it was an old, see the oil here? Isn't that an oil tank?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: That's what my guess is. And uh,
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: do you have a flashlight on you?
Speaker 2: Sure do. So, get duct work?
Speaker 1: Well, Or is this the flue. yeah. What they did,
Speaker 2: That's the flue I guess.
Speaker 1: they they took the stubs, and they cleaned em up. So you can tie right into em. See?
Speaker 2: Yeah. So this used to have asbestos. Hunh?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Where did all this connect? Was there a a plenum on top of here?
Speaker 1: So, Yeah. There was a big hood that went over the top of this thing, with these stack that went this way,
Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah like an octopus type.
Speaker 1: and then one that goes back, underneath there to the to the uh kitchen, there there are different there are different ones, that kinda go all the way up.
Speaker 2: I see one r, there's a rectangular one right there,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: is that one right there, that I'm flashing my light on?
Speaker 1: Yeah, it might be. It kinda looks like it. And then there was there's one farther up, and then there is this.
Speaker 2: So you one two three, at least two there,
Speaker 1: Three, and then there's another one way down. I don't know if you can see it or not, but it's it's up into the kitchen.
Speaker 2: So there's probably three back there? and and any over on this side?
Speaker 1: Well, no but, what we we want to you to kinda give us an idea, on what your thoughts are.
Speaker 2: You wanna add a add a few more?
Speaker 1: Add a couple. Yeah. Back, ee way back there? Is that one way back?
Speaker 2: get this thing, to a point.
Speaker 1: I don't know what this was, looks like they
Speaker 2: That was connected to one of em.
Speaker 1: Yeah. They left that here.
Speaker 2: I don't see any back in here, but,
Speaker 1: Well there's there's definitely one back there. Now there's nothing out here, and this is where we feel we we should add one. Is, this is a, gonna be a dining room.
Speaker 2: okay.
Speaker 1: So, uh, one one there for sure.
Speaker 2: What about, uh, what about above this section of the house.
Speaker 1: Well, let me show you that. And you can give you can give me some idea about that as well.
Speaker 2: Now uh, you are on propane? out here?
Speaker 1: No. This is natural gas.
Speaker 2: Oh really.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Oh good.
Speaker 1: Kinda rare.
Speaker 2: That's good, because uh, the problem with propane is that, they wouldn't be able to the the county would probably have a problem with it.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Cause they're very concerned about propane. But natural gas, I can put a
Speaker 1: Yeah. we were real happy to get this place with natural gas.
Speaker 2: Do you want me to remove the old furnace.
Speaker 1: We'll not have to?
Speaker 2: No uh, do you want me to remove it.
Speaker 1: Oh yes.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Yeah. No that's that would be part of our deal. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Well the new furnace would be much smaller. That much I can guarantee you. Do
Speaker 1: Alright.
Speaker 2: How many square feet is the house.
Speaker 1: Uh, well I guess it's around twentyeight. Approximately.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: I have a roof guy coming about this time too, so,
Speaker 2: You're doing the roof?
Speaker 1: doorbell rings, we know who it is.
Speaker 2: Getting a new roof put on too?
Speaker 1: Well I got some problems with leakage in certain areas,
Speaker 2: I'm wondering if, you don't have a floor plan of the house, do you by any chance?
Speaker 1: No. We don't. We didn't get anything when we bought this baby.
Speaker 2: I'm wondering if I should just sketch it out.
Speaker 1: Uh,
Speaker 2: It's twostory though, right?
Speaker 1: Twostory,
Speaker 2: Are there registers on the second floor?
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: So all those s all those stubs that were behind us, are the ones that go up through the wall.
Speaker 2: Oh. Okay. Well that's no problem,
Speaker 1: Uh,
Speaker 2: as long as I don't have to do any ducting to the second floor.
Speaker 1: yeah. No. only the only thing that we wanted you to do is tie into the existing ones,
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: which are on the ground level,
Speaker 2: How about that one right there. Is that one?
Speaker 1: Uh, yeah. That's one as well. And then the return is back here.
Speaker 2: Okay. Good sized return.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Now you're not looking at adding air conditioning. Right?
Speaker 1: Well, we would like to have that as an option.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: We could always add that later. Right?
Speaker 2: Yeah. One of the things you can do, if if you don't wanna do it now, you can, what they call, prep for air conditioning. You can put in the coil. See you've got the furnace and the coil, and then, when you add air conditioning in the future, all you gotta do is put the outdoor condensing unit, and refrigerant piping to that coil. So it saves it saves additional work in the future.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Otherwise you gotta come back and put the coil in, which means you gotta modify the duct work, to get that coil in there so,
Speaker 1: Right.
Speaker 2: if you're thinking about doing it in the future, you might wanna at least put the coil in. It only costs about threehundred fifty dollars for the coil.
Speaker 1: Oh. Alright.
Speaker 2: It's the it's the outdoor air conditioning
Speaker 1: Well, write that in there, anyway in the in the quote.
Speaker 2: And now that's the the dining room you wanna add?
Speaker 1: Yeah. If you if you go over and have a look at the dining room,
Speaker 2: You got a lotta glass in that room it looks like.
Speaker 1: yeah, and we're gonna be making changes to the to the house too, so we're keeping that in mind. But if you notice, there are no registers in here. So,
Speaker 2: Is this accessible?
Speaker 1: oh yeah.
Speaker 2: I wonder I wonder if, was this added on you think, maybe? I'm just wondering if that foundation wall
Speaker 1: It might've been.
Speaker 2: goes to that, I wonder if I can get into this.
Speaker 1: Oh you can get into it. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah. I've been under here.
Speaker 2: Oh okay.
Speaker 1: So, Good. this is not a problem.
Speaker 2: Shoot I'd probably go with two registers in this room.
Speaker 1: Alright.
Speaker 2: I'd probably go like one here, and one one there.
Speaker 1: you'd do one over there as well?
Speaker 2: Cause it's a goodsized room with a lot of glass.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Or you could do it, you know, you could put like one on this wall, and one on that wall.
Speaker 1: Okay, on the two two
Speaker 2: And then I'd probably tie em both together,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: into one Ybranch, you know like the room,
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: the room is shaped somewhat like this. put like one there, one there,
Speaker 1: Now what we'd want you to do, in this case, is maybe
Speaker 2: tie those together like that.
Speaker 1: See this this The end of this room might be modified. So, all we wanna know is, is that we can eventually be able to do this. Alright. To to get get this duct work done, when we do when we do the modification to the
Speaker 2: Oh, so you may not do the duct work at this point?
Speaker 1: Not not in this room.
Speaker 2: do it in the future.
Speaker 1: We Yeah.
Speaker 2: Uh I I hate to see us do it,
Speaker 1: although if we do it in the sidewalls,
Speaker 2: Well what would the modification be.
Speaker 1: Oh we might take this out, and we might push this out further, and, uh, well, here's the drawings, right here. 0h, P let's see, that's the guest house. Where is that sucker P.
Speaker 2: Dining room?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, I It's right here it here it here it is right here,
Speaker 2: Is this the wall,
Speaker 1: you can see that this is the current wall,
Speaker 2: oh okay, so are you gonna go out like three feet or so,
Speaker 1: So we might we might we might do a little modification.
Speaker 2: a tapered uh corners.
Speaker 1: A tapered corner there. So we might do a little of that.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: But, if you're gonna put it in this end wall, then, maybe it wouldn't be affected. That one might down there. Because, we might uh,
Speaker 2: Yeah, see well,
Speaker 1: See eventually
Speaker 2: you know you're right. Cause I cause we're looking at right there, course, now you gonna go out
Speaker 1: That's right. See we're opening this,
Speaker 2: That's gonna go that way.
Speaker 1: that that that that's going out to this master, which is gonna go up on the hill.
Speaker 2: Aw, so you'll need What about heating for that.
Speaker 1: Well, what we're gonna do is put uh radiated heat.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: in there.
Speaker 2: That'll be a slab floor then.
Speaker 1: For sure. Yeah, yeah. Uh,
Speaker 2: So that one might change,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: uh,
Speaker 1: that's a that's a good point. I've I I'm not uh, we were
Speaker 2: The only thing is, I don't know how long, is that gonna be like in the future, like a year down the road?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Cause it would be nice to have heat in here in the meantime. Probably. I mean say you do the furnace, It would be nice to have it for this winter.
Speaker 1: Well let me work that out with my wife. Put that as a
Speaker 2: But one thing you can do, even if you do a modification, you can move the register. I mean say we put the register right here, and that's gonna that would obviously have to be moved, you know, it's not a big deal to move it from here to here.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: You might have to add a piece of duct work, but it's not gonna be a major change,
Speaker 1: Okay. Okay.
Speaker 2: And this one you may not have to move at all. That may be okay.
Speaker 1: Alright.
Speaker 2: But then that's probably how I'd do it, something like that, or, if I had the registers going that way, that might be the best way to do it. It'd be like fourteen by six, I mean that would probably be an eightinch duct, that'd be an eightinch, that'd be a teninch, and then the furnace, I don't know, it's somewhere over there in that area,
Speaker 1: Furnace is
Speaker 2: I'm not sure how many feet,
Speaker 1: Well the furnace sits down, over in this, this corner over here. That's where the furnace is.
Speaker 2: One. Two.
Speaker 1: Probably right in here.
Speaker 2: Three.
Speaker 1: And now That's probably that's one of the
Speaker 2: That's about thirty
Speaker 1: key my key concerns,
Speaker 2: about thirtysix feet across.
Speaker 1: is is the how noisy the furnace is. That's a real concern to me. And uh, I don't know what they've got these days, if they're all I know there's pulse type furnaces, which evidently are kinda loud or something,
Speaker 2: Oh yeah. Yeah. Lennox pulse.
Speaker 1: oh really?
Speaker 2: That's a loud one.
Speaker 1: Is it?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I've put a few of those in, and they, I've had problems. I wouldn't go with the Lennox pulse.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: If I go with a uh,
Speaker 1: Well,
Speaker 2: I'd probably go with the Carrier. Carrier furnace. The return grill's plenty big enough.
Speaker 1: yeah. It's a big return,
Speaker 2: I mean I can't
Speaker 1: and a you can't have any kind of problem there, and and the pipes are big enough, so, and that's normally when you get you get a lot of noise in the house. Is if your if your uh ducts are too small. Right?
Speaker 2: Right. Yeah, the two main sources of noise, are either, uh, air noise, which is due to undersized grills,
Speaker 1: Really?
Speaker 2: you got air rushing through there at high velocity. The other source of noise is is the fan motor itself.
Speaker 1: In in the actual
Speaker 2: In the unit itself.
Speaker 1: Unhunh.
Speaker 2: And that's usually solved by b, just having flexible duct between the unit and the and the registers, so that it dampens out the noise. In other words if we had the furnace like right behind that wall, it would be noisy.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: But we're going I'm not sure how it connects, did we see that down there? I'll have to go down and take a look at that again but,
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: I imagine it goes down, and then we can run some kind of a flexible duct to the unit. As long as I can get say ten feet or so between that and the unit, then I
Speaker 1: You can.
Speaker 2: then I can uh eliminate the noise problem.
Speaker 1: Alright.
Speaker 2: So it's basically thirty by thirty, return air. Thirty by thirty return air.
Speaker 1: And this is a uh, this is the only return, and I'd I would say not
Speaker 2: Oh this is return also?
Speaker 1: not placed, not placed very well, in the room.
Speaker 2: This is
Speaker 1: So,
Speaker 2: this is supply though. Right?
Speaker 1: this is the supply. Right.
Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker 1: See, and I'd Where would you suggest they would go. If uh, if we put uh,
Speaker 2: Boy. I would say g, I'd probably go with two. I'd put one on each side, I'd probably put one like right underneath that window there, and maybe underneath that window. Be nice to put it behind the couch, but then you've it would be blocked off too much.
Speaker 1: And you you so you you you try and put em under windows, where that's where your
Speaker 2: Yeah. I try to put em on the basically the coldest part of the room.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Because uh, it just helps, y because otherwise, you know, with a grill right here, you end up having cold spots on the sides.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: Cause what happens is, the air goes back to the return grill,
Speaker 1: out circulating through so it never really,
Speaker 2: it never really blows out to the corners. So that's why I try to put it as far away on the perimeter,
Speaker 1: Right. and have it pull across the room. Okay. well this is the only
Speaker 2: So I don't know if you'd wanna
Speaker 1: the only the only other addition room, where we thought maybe registers would be important. And I'd, I don't know if, uh, floor registers? Are there does it that's not a good idea these days?
Speaker 2: No, I would go with floor registers in this house, cause you got high ceilings. Well in fact,
Speaker 1: you wouldn't be able to put any kind of ceiling register in. Cause you get the second floor. Right.
Speaker 2: So, no. Floor registers are fine, for heating.
Speaker 1: But you're talking about wall putting em in the wall here.
Speaker 2: No, I I was thinking about putting em in the floor.
Speaker 1: Oh in the floor?
Speaker 2: Yeah to go in the wall, would be pretty tough.
Speaker 1: Okay. Alright.
Speaker 2: I don't know if you wanna cut the floor though.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Well I hate to do it right there. maybe we'd do it right in here.
Speaker 2: Yeah. But to get in the wall would be almost I mean you can do that during new construction, but it's tough when you're coming back after the fact, cause got,
Speaker 1: Sure.
Speaker 2: your twobyfour framing, and it's just too tough to get in there.
Speaker 1: Okay. Alright. So we'd put a couple in this room somewhere? And then uh,
Speaker 2: So this is like a family room? Is that what this is?
Speaker 1: Uh, it's kinda like a kinda a little parlor, library, something, resembles
Speaker 2: Alright.
Speaker 1: XXX. This is a register, so that's okay. Cause it's under there,
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: the bathroom has a register, now that was it.
Speaker 2: How about the uh thermostat.
Speaker 1: This guy?
Speaker 2: Okay. I would definitely go with a new thermostat.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Kind of a antique,
Speaker 2: But that's probably a good that's probably a good spot.
Speaker 1: isn't it.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that should be in a museum.
Speaker 1: Uh, I don't know. are we doing the right If I'm supposed to kinda walk you around the house here? Is that what uh
Speaker 2: Yeah. Do you think, well, I guess you haven't really
Speaker 1: I don't know if there's anything you need to do up here. Other than the fact kinda know that we've got em.
Speaker 2: Yeah, you haven't really lived in the house during the winter. Have you?
Speaker 1: No. And that's what we
Speaker 2: So you don't really know,
Speaker 1: See and that's what we thought we would do, if there's a uh,
Speaker 2: So you're not really sure if there's any problems, with heating certain areas,
Speaker 1: That's right. so
Speaker 2: So we don't know if there's any particular areas, like that I bet you that parlor room has had a hard time, in the past. Just that one grill.
Speaker 1: And then this guy has a register, so,
Speaker 2: Oh they got AC up here too.
Speaker 1: yeah. I I think that's gonna go.
Speaker 2: Well uh, especially if you get the forced air heating and cooling,
Speaker 1: Well, Yes.
Speaker 2: you won't need that.
Speaker 1: One little guy there.
Speaker 2: Yeah see these aren't strategically placed either, but you've pretty much got no choice. On most of these, these it's almost impossible to to change these now, but really on the second floor,
Speaker 1: This one's not too bad.
Speaker 2: the heat the heat's gonna rise, from the first floor anyway.
Speaker 1: Yeah up You know.
Speaker 2: So I
Speaker 1: And it'll hold it in here real well.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Typically, if anything you have 0verheating problems.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: On the second floor. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Well see that's what we wanted to do, is have some kind of a system, that we know we can shut off. Certain certain areas. Like if
Speaker 2: One of the things we could do, I don't think they have any dampers here. Do they? Oh they do.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: So you can close off
Speaker 1: Oh okay.
Speaker 2: Yeah you can close off individual
Speaker 1: Close these off, and then
Speaker 2: then it'll force the air what. Down into Downstairs.
Speaker 1: Now,
Speaker 2: the one thing you don't wanna do though, is close off too many of em. Cause cause then you're uh
Speaker 1: Cause then you put a strain on the yeah, you've gotta have a certain amount of air, for the furnace to work properly. And if you reduce the airflow too much, then it won't have enough air going across the heat exchanger, and it'll it'll overheat the heat exchanger. Oh. Really? Okay.
Speaker 2: So I would say, you don't want to close more than uh, Which would I'm not sure, maybe all upstairs, you might wanna leave em cracked open just a little bit though.
Speaker 1: Unhunh?
Speaker 2: Just to make sure you get enough air,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: But, okay, so we'd be looking at adding two, two registers for that parlor room?
Speaker 1: Adding two to that parlor room,
Speaker 2: And then what about that one. Do you wanna hold off on that?
Speaker 1: Well, maybe we should just
Speaker 2: Or would you wanna do at least one of em?
Speaker 1: I think we should do something, yeah. Only because
Speaker 2: Because if that remodel's a year away then,
Speaker 1: I I I think this thing is gonna be a cold little
Speaker 2: oh, I can definitely see that.
Speaker 1: I I I can tell you that, because the windows,
Speaker 2: See you only the only heat you have in this room, is that one register over there.
Speaker 1: the windows in this thing are THUMP just about ready to fall out. I mean they're THUMP they're not Look at this. So I know there's gonna be a lot of uh
Speaker 2: A lotta infiltration.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Until we get this corrected.
Speaker 2: See hopefully you'll go with doublepane glass on your remodel. That'll help cut down a lot.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: On your
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: heat loss.
Speaker 1: So, I mean, in some ways, having windows, is it a bad idea? Because you get a lot of natural heat from the the from sun.
Speaker 2: That's right.
Speaker 1: You know.
Speaker 2: Okay this is like it would get
Speaker 1: So,
Speaker 2: This is like east facing. Right?
Speaker 1: Yeah. The in in
Speaker 2: So you get some morning sun.
Speaker 1: You get the morning, in the winter, it's gonna come right across like this.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So,
Speaker 2: So that's gonna be good.
Speaker 1: So that'll be good. So maybe one register in here for the moment, until we kinda feel it out would be uh,
Speaker 2: Sure. I mean this one it looks like, if we put a register over here, you wouldn't have to change it anyway.
Speaker 1: Yeah. No that that
Speaker 2: With your remodel, that might work into it.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: And like I say, even even if you do have to move it, it's not a big deal. I mean somebody just moves it,
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: you know, a carpenter can do it even. You don't even need to have us come out and do it really. You might have to add buy a piece of flexible duct and stick it on there, but it's not a
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: not a big deal.
Speaker 1: Okay. Alright.
Speaker 2: Okay?
Speaker 1: Well that sounds good.
Speaker 2: Well let me check downstairs again, I gotta take some measurements on that room.
Speaker 1: Okay. Well now you get you've got the logistics of Oh wait.
Speaker 2: Now you my wife, now you say about
Speaker 1: my wife said she would like to have a register put in this room. And I think it's kinda weird, but, what do you think. Why would she
Speaker 2: What is this what is this room used for.
Speaker 1: Well, eventually this is gonna be, uh, and we're gonna open this up. We're gonna take out some of these shelves, and get some light to come through here.
Speaker 2: This is sort of like a pantry?
Speaker 1: But, kinda pantry area. But it's gonna be an extension of the kitchen. Kind of. So, I don't know if
Speaker 2: I'd Yeah, I'd put I'd probably put one like right there. About right there. You gonna be putting anything there? Probably something's gonna go there. Right? A table or something?
Speaker 1: I don't know. I, Yeah.
Speaker 2: Cause that's about the only spot you can put it. Well, I mean we could put we could put a floor floor register right along here, I don't know if you'd want that. But that's probably where I'd put it. In fact the one that I was gonna put in there,
Speaker 1: We might have trouble getting to this spot though. I'd probably I think.
Speaker 2: You think so?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Cause it starts getting real tight up there on this end. Yeah. Well, let's uh,
Speaker 2: Maybe on this end?
Speaker 1: Yeah. It would have to be, if anywhere, it'd have to be down,
Speaker 2: that's not a bad spot.
Speaker 1: okay.
Speaker 2: It's gonna help out, cause I See this whole area, you've just got that one grill. It's a pretty goodsized area right here.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: What about the kitchen.
Speaker 1: Well let's let's consider that
Speaker 2: Kitchen's got one?
Speaker 1: kitchen's got one right here,
Speaker 2: Yeah, okay.
Speaker 1: and uh, I'm not too worried about the kitchen. I don't like hot kitchens anyway. Cause I mean you got a stove going, and ah. Wait a minute. I forget something else, too. Ah yeah. We're gonna have to put a register out here. Because y, this this wall is eventually gonna come out. And so uh,
Speaker 2: Utility room.
Speaker 1: utility room, but it's gonna eventually be part of the kitchen. And we're moving the utility room. So, and this. This is a joke. N_look at this.
Speaker 2: _Well some of these, Maybe maybe this doesn't make any sense, to well some of these things you may wanna wait until you do the remodel.
Speaker 1: I'm I'm I'm I'm beginning to wonder if
Speaker 2: Because what I would What you can do,
Speaker 1: uh,
Speaker 2: is tap right off the plenum. Cause the furnace is somewhere in that general area.
Speaker 1: It's right there, yeah.
Speaker 2: And you can just tap right off the plenum with a duct, and bring it to this room.
Speaker 1: Okay. Well that's what we wanted to
Speaker 2: So that can be done,
Speaker 1: that's what we wanna wanna know.
Speaker 2: that can be done at a later time.
Speaker 1: Alright. But maybe
Speaker 2: That can be done at at any time.
Speaker 1: maybe for the sake of your quotation,
Speaker 2: Really.
Speaker 1: you should say, this is what it's gonna cost you to put in a duct here, all these ducts, at this time.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 1: Now I don't know if if we can price em out individually, or not.
Speaker 2: Sure. I call this what, utility utility room,
Speaker 1: Yeah. Just uh call it a
Speaker 2: figure a duct somewhere on this wall you think?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Let's just assume it'd be on this wall.
Speaker 2: Okay. Utility room kitchen, that back one we'll call that pantry,
Speaker 1: Yeah. Pantry, and then you got the dining room glass,
Speaker 2: dining room,
Speaker 1: glass dining room,
Speaker 2: and then the parlor.
Speaker 1: and then the parlor, one on each end there.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Cause we can do em now, or we can do em later. But it's not any more difficult to do em at a later time. So it's not like you have to do it now.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: So the registers that we're connecting to, that are existing, how many of those we have got. We've got the one in the kitchen, and then we've got uh, one in the living room here,
Speaker 1: That guy, then there's one in the bathroom, there's one in the s study, and there is one in the library. Or in the parlor. I don't know what we'd do with that. Do we disconnect that, if we put two, or do you leave it.
Speaker 2: Uh, yeah I might disconnect that. Well it's not it's not connected up right now. So,
Speaker 1: Oh that's right.
Speaker 2: so it'd just be a matter Actually it it should be capped off probably though. And this is the study, one right there, and the bathroom's got one?
Speaker 1: Bathroom's got one, over by the shower there. On the floor,
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay, let me take a look downstairs again,
Speaker 1: okay.
Speaker 2: at that furnace.