Speaker 2: Well you said that though, my new boss, she told Mike yesterday, she said I want to be there at 7 o'clock to go to community meeting. And so Mike is there at 7.50 and he says I wonder where she is. And he says, I get up. I wasn't planning on coming in until 8 and hearing him early. So she comes in. She says, I apologize for being late and everything. She says, I forgot. We might have to scrape windows out here, because she was from Arkansas. And so she went into communion afterwards. She says, it hasn't been a good morning. She says, I bought four or five pairs of new pants before I left and had them shortened. She says, and I didn't bother to try them on before I left. So she says, all of them are not short enough. She says, these are the shorter ones. And they're about two inches too long. And then she bought a brand new attache case. And yesterday was the first day she used it. Put a bunch of stuff in to read. Went home last night and couldn't get it open. The lock would not open. And she's, I don't think it came with a cane. It's just a key. And it's this beautiful attache leather one that she bought just before she left. She couldn't get it open, so Mike tried and he couldn't get it and I says, don't worry. I says, we'll get one of the maintenance beds. I says, they can fix anything. Well, that's what I told her. I says, kids could probably have it out in 35 seconds. She says, I know, we won't. We won't test that. So I had Bill come over and Bill comes over with his loving aunt to a man or whatever it is. A few minutes he had it on. So she can't use it now? Well, she says she has to really look. And it came with the strap, too. She says, maybe on the strap there is a key. She says, I didn't bother. She just likes it with the handle, not the shoulder strap. So she says, it has not been a good day. My pants didn't fit. They're too long. She says, I hate them. And they were kind of long on her shoes. And we were kidding her. She says, just by real high heels, and then you won't have to have them reshortened. Her attache case wouldn't. Well, first, and then the windshield wipers need a wiper. And then the attache case, she says, This is not a good morning. I says, well, this is your second day of work. It only goes downhill from there.
Speaker 1: That ice stuff was thick, too. I took the blankets off my car this morning. By the time I got there again, they were still frozen over, that thin, just that foggy stuff. And
Speaker 2: I'm like, oh my god. Why didn't you go work out this morning?
Speaker 1: My legs were kind of sore this morning.
Speaker 2: Still?
Speaker 1: When I got up. So that's probably not good. I'm going to go tomorrow. But I was thinking, I don't want to, if I did pull something, I don't know what I did do.
Speaker 2: Did you take the Tylenol like I told you to yesterday?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I took some this morning then, too, just to make sure.
Speaker 2: You know, and it might be just above the kind of a fluency type thing.
Speaker 1: Yeah, because Jenny had that fluency. She went home today, and a lot of people have had, you know, like Paul went home to the doctor. She was tired of just having this kind of, just not feeling real well, and she thought she had an ear infection. She went in, and she had a sinus infection. Gave her some antibiotics. She said, at least I'll get over it then.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 1: You know, so I think it just might have been something around, but yeah, that was the weirdest thing.
Speaker 2: That's what I did all day today. I had three or four different kids come up and complain of nasal sinus problems, serving time with a doctor. Their docs came on and wrote another order and called Bruce.
Speaker 1: Just one of these long-going flu things.
Speaker 2: Bruce wanted to go hunting today. And every time I'd call him, I'd say, you're not getting out here early. And then finally he told me, he says, he wasn't going today with Mike. Anyhow, Mike left early. He wasn't going hunting today. In fact, I didn't leave until 4 o'clock. And then he had the copy of the sheet. That's so much for getting out on time on Friday.
Speaker 1: Well, I said, Paul, I can stay at Mommy's because I wasn't doing anything. And we didn't do anything all day long for you when she was poor. Can I just have a little bit of that soup just to try it?
Speaker 2: I tried. It's really spicy. Dad doesn't cut up his onions as smooth as I do. And I think when I made it, I used my salsa, not his salsa. And when the chili powder says two to four teaspoons, I probably used two. He used the four, so it's real. It'll open up your sinuses.
Speaker 1: I like the onion. I just want to try
Speaker 2: it.
Speaker 1: It smells so good.
Speaker 2: Try a couple spoonfuls. And I think I'll only cook it for about another half hour, and then I'll turn it on.
Speaker 1: We had customer appreciation. We had hot dogs. And then we had the retirees come. And they're really nice ladies. And we got corsages for them and stuff. They really like that. And this is probably the last year you guys get to do this with the merger. We're like, yeah, probably. They were really nice. I had a hot dog for lunch. I thought, why waste money on food when I need to eat a hot dog? I had two of them. The first one kind of tasted pretty good. The other one, then half of the other one, it was like, ugh. I don't like hot dogs that well. And then we had cake. We had a carrot cake from Costco, that carrot cake, and then chocolate with the cream filling. So it's not real sweet at all. It's more like a buttercream kind of thing. And then mints and nuts. Since I ate nuts, those cashews, I just kept eating them. I ate more today than I probably have all week long, though. But that was kind of nice. Why did I do anything all day?
Speaker 2: Because we opened the attics yesterday. So yesterday was fine. Well, yesterday was a mess because we were trying to move all the kids' belongings and then all of our paperwork that has to move.
Speaker 1: You're all moving over there again?
Speaker 2: No. Just some? Some. Well, then we moved some of them over. Then we were wondering about staffing. And so we moved two of them back. Poor kids. But then today, I was the only nurse. So that takes, I mean, when you're used to doing that all the time, you get up a system. But it was kind of crazy. He was going pretty good this morning, and the kids were real, real good. And then I was going to get a new admin, had to get her from the other unit. And one of the docs came in and saw all of his kids and wrote orders on every kid. So I had all these. He'd change med orders or add new stuff and assignments and stuff, so I had to take them all along. So about 10 after 2, I went over and got her. Then I had to do all the admin. You know how I get rid of my heart just beats really fast? I got that at work and usually it doesnít last very long and it just kept up and kept up and kept up. where did she get that?
Speaker 1: she got it to see that they had to go again today to have it taken off for 24 hours they wanted to
Speaker 2: would hers do that
Speaker 1: stop and get real fast? its still beating real fast i mean she would just well youve seen that on life yeah i mean its just that she thinks its her thyroid because you know she hasnt been She's been eating, you know, probably, same if not more, but I mean, hasn't, just her body's just not doing well. So she doesn't want that heart monitor. And Gordy said, you know, they want to have a baby. He's like, let's have sex tonight in that heart monitor. And Kathleen's like, no, what? And she goes, would that be funny if your heart monitor went, no, and just leveled out. They're like, how would you feel? But Kathleen's like, you're not even touching me. It's so funny. It's like, well, he just needs a reason. Oh, this little baby came in the same month. She was a week and a half old. She was, her name was little Madeline. She was so cute. Madeline? Madeline. And she was sucking her little thumb, you know. And she had her eyes up when I
Speaker 2: first looked over at her. She was just sucking her little thumb. She was so cute. It seems like such an old-fashioned name for a little baby, doesn't it? But, um, she was just adorable though. And she was so good the whole time. I hardly went anywhere out in public when you guys were a week and a half old. I mean, years and years ago, you just didn't do that. You tried to keep babies home and then exposed them to germs and all that kind of stuff. But I guess you still have to go and do some banking now.
Speaker 1: Excuse me. You want the investment officer or something?
Speaker 2: What do you have plans for tonight?
Speaker 1: You know, I thought you needed to be going out tonight.
Speaker 2: I almost called Karen to see if she wanted to take in a movie or something right there from work, and then I didn't feel that great. So I laid down, and I thought, well, Diane and I are going to Sun Valley tomorrow. So I thought, well, maybe I'll get some of my weekend stuff done.
Speaker 1: It's pretty good. I'm not hungry, but how much does it taste?
Speaker 2: Well, I had a little bit of a reason to tell. I had some more water to it. Not as much as I had. Well, you know, we were sitting here, and Dad was in charge of the food then. And I says, well, what do you want to have? And I still have some spaghetti sauce and some ques. And I think there's just enough spaghetti sauce for Lou and I out there if I take that. And I says, no, fine. Because after they hunt all day, they don't want to spend all night cooking either. So he said, well, I don't know what else I can take. So I said, well, why don't you? I said, that recipe is so easy. So I sat over here, and I went over to Diane's and explained the recipe to them. And we stopped at the store and got the stuff. Because all you have to do is brown some hamburger and onions, and then toss cans of stuff in the spices. He said, that'd be good.
Speaker 1: And they wouldn't have to cook a lot of dishes.
Speaker 2: Yeah, it used to be out in wide open air, too.
Speaker 1: I talked to him going out last night. I was like, you know, I'm like, we don't spend that time together. And then I was, I did that thing. I was like, you know, I'm like, well, fine. I want to go with my friends every Saturday then, with the girls then. He's like, that's fine. It's okay, fine. Then we won't have any nights together. I said, I see you maybe once or twice a week as it is. And I said, but you know, if you're the guys that are so important to you, then girls night, I'm going to start doing girls night on Saturday. He was like, that's fine. Then I'm like, fine. There just won't be our night then. I said, God forbid I go back to see each other more than two nights a week. I said, you know, a relationship, you know, gosh, if we see each other more than two nights a week, we might, you know. That's not good for a relationship at all. I said, we should just talk on the phone a couple nights a week. And he's like, yeah. I said, I'm being sarcastic to make my point. He's like, oh, you're trying to make a point? So I talked to him to go down this Friday. This isn't going to be every Friday now, is it? And I said, no, just, you know, does it have to be second still that you have to go out with the boys on Friday? I said, because I like to go out with all of our friends, you know, like a group of us. I said, but if we do that on Saturdays, then I have no, we have no night just for the two of us.
Speaker 2: I said- That's what he's trying to avoid.
Speaker 1: I was like, hey. And I said, you know, I don't care if you go out with the boys on Friday, but does it have to be every Friday? Can't it be like all of us once in a while so that we still can have one night together? Not every night and everything. So I called Laura the other day. I'm like, Laura, do you want to do something? She's like, yeah, you should. We're just going to watch a movie. She goes, but I want to go out. And she's like, I said, maybe go to Tipanyaki. She was like, is that expensive? And I said, you know, I said, I think they're like under $10. She goes, Mark just called me about, we don't have any money this week to pay the bills. And she goes, I told him that we get paid next week to just pay some of the bills next week. But he was like, oh. But she said we have to kind of watch it for the rest of the month.
Speaker 2: So who are you going out with tonight? Cushion Laura. And then are you going out with Jasmine tomorrow night? Hopefully. Well, are you going out with Kush and Laura for your birthday?
Speaker 1: Probably afterwards. I don't know. I don't get home till 8 o'clock anyway on Monday. I mean, you'll be in bed by that time.
Speaker 2: I know. And what else do you want for your birthday, young lady?
Speaker 1: Do you want a cake? I think I need some hands.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: Pie? I don't know. You'll get pie? No one's going to be here. I mean, Dad's going to be gone. I'm not going to be here. Mom's like, I want the yogurt.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: We should just get one for both of our birthdays. Like maybe.
Speaker 2: Maybe we'll just have a nice dinner sometime during the week for both of our birthdays. Because I won't be here for mine either. That would be your wedding present.
Speaker 1: That's my present. Wedding present.
Speaker 2: What kind of present? What did you say? That'll be your present.
Speaker 1: I said, that'll be your wedding present. And I'm like. No.
Speaker 2: I was going to say, why are you saying?
Speaker 1: and nothing. I got to go out on a Friday night. That's about all I can push it. Anything more than that. So Laura and Kush want to do something. We're not going to go to Tipanyaki, though, but.
Speaker 2: What are you just going to do? Hang out, watch movies and stuff?
Speaker 1: I don't know if I need something to eat.
Speaker 2: Why don't you do something really reasonable for dinner?
Speaker 1: It is inexpensive.
Speaker 2: What?
Speaker 1: That's inexpensive.
Speaker 2: What?
Speaker 1: Going to get something to eat. We're not going to go to the Crow Inn again.
Speaker 2: No, but I mean, what are you going to do that's inexpensive?
Speaker 1: Go out to eat. Why is he apologizing to you?
Speaker 2: How many years has it been? We used to always go on my birthday.
Speaker 1: Well, he says that's your present. But he leaves.
Speaker 2: Remember that one time on my birthday, we went out to dinner and just took his checkbook and stuff? Yeah, we did that that whole week.
Speaker 1: Yeah. That was great.
Speaker 2: That'll teach him, huh? Maybe that's coming up some time. That's the last thing. I could go on my birthday now. Is that some ginger ale?
Speaker 1: No, it's squirt.
Speaker 2: Would you just give me a small glass of ginger? There's a big bottle of it down in that bottle rack thing.
Speaker 1: Yeah. That's already open, and I drank out of it. So you can just give me that. The whole thing?
Speaker 2: Yep.
Speaker 1: Geez. Please. Do you have more of that soup? There's not going to be anything left for your father. No. Just say you put it to a boil, you turned it up and it boiled over and it came out. You probably measured it. I'm not going to be hungry if we go out to dinner. I'm going to get toothpaste. Well, Tony wasn't learning because Amy had her wisdom teeth taken out. She's doing okay. They said her voice probably won't be back to normal ever, I mean, but she
Speaker 2: called for Jenny this afternoon. Her wisdom teeth and her voice?
Speaker 1: I mean, not her wisdom teeth, her tonsils.
Speaker 2: Oh, I was going to say, man, I never knew the wisdom teeth didn't do anything for your voice. You just talked as much as you used to.
Speaker 1: Because we sent Amy flowers. We're glad that they go. Call them in order for them. Call them. How much do you want us to pay? I don't know. I don't care. So what can you get a nice one? 25? Sure. It's a lot of money.
Speaker 2: Oh, it comes out of the fund?
Speaker 1: No, they just charge us.
Speaker 2: Oh, man. I'm supposed to leave money for Lenny's going away present.
Speaker 1: They nimble up there.
Speaker 2: And I was asking Anne when we were going to get her for a new office. She decorates her home and her office by Chinese. And I thought this was really strange because she's Hispanic. And when we went to her house, all the oriental things. And I says, what Luddy needs is plants, because she loves plants, but they die on her. And in her office, if I wouldn't water them and take care of them, she wouldn't have had any particles. So I says, what about a nice either silk plant or one of the silk trees that would sit behind her desk then? I says, that's very soothing when she's doing therapy and stuff. And Ann says, that's a good idea. And I says, you know, Costco has some real reasonable ones where you can silk warehouse some of them. And she says, I think that's a good idea. her real other decorating she can do as she wants and prefers.
Speaker 1: Where's your office? Does she move, or is she still here?
Speaker 2: Well, no. She's just going in with some of the doctors in private practice, though, to do counseling.
Speaker 1: Oh, is she going to be in the hospital, though?
Speaker 2: No. She's just moving up front to the front offices.
Speaker 1: Oh. Well, she'll still see her and stuff.
Speaker 2: You know the one doctor who lost his wife this summer when we were on vacation? She's going to take over her practice, because their therapy styles are quite similar. You know, all these patients, since the death was so sudden, all these patients were just kind of left on a, so she's been filling in quite a bit. And that just kind of made her final decision, because she said when she graduated from grad school, that's what she wanted to do in five years, have her own practice. She said, but that's scary to do.
Speaker 1: Oh, yeah.
Speaker 2: And she said, so the opportunity, the patients were there. So it was a perfect opportunity, even though the circumstances are not the best, to go into private practice.
Speaker 1: And we sent Amy a flower, because she's staying with her mom now, because she has been watched. And so we go, we don't know if we should send them to Tony or to Amy, because even Tony, they fight like cats and dogs anyway. And then when you're not feeling well, and when Amy just goes off the handle, because Tony's bugging and nosy, and we're like, I don't know who we want to send flowers to, because they're both going to drive me down the crazy.
Speaker 2: You're not the most pleasant person when you're sick.
Speaker 1: No one is. That's the thing.
Speaker 2: But they don't get along that well. But you just don't listen to me. I'm the nurse and I tell you.
Speaker 1: I always listen to you.
Speaker 2: And do not. You too. Do not. Take your medicine. Do that.
Speaker 1: That's the way Jenny went home and I said, you go buy some orange juice, I said, take some liquids, I said, I don't want you going out at all this weekend.
Speaker 2: What'd she say? Thank you, mother?
Speaker 1: She goes, I'm not. I said, I don't
Speaker 2: want to see you out. One of the little kids came up to me and said, I've got something to tell you. I bit both sides of my tongue. So he sticks his tongue out and tells me, well, don't do that anymore. He says, and it hurts my kick. And I said, well, don't do that anymore. And this one little kid has been really having a problem. The other day, he was tracking so well. And I says, well, in the morning then, if you track really well, let me know, and I'll get the trick. I'll save that tracting sheet and give it to you. You can have it then, and you can show your parents when they come in." He was so excited. The next morning, I barely walked on the unit, and he's screaming. He says, guess what? I tracked good all day long, and then I forgot to turn it in. So he still stayed on level three. Poor kid. But he was OK with that. But he says, I know I did really good. And I says, I know you did too, and you But he was a little kid the other day before his mother came to visit. Physically worked himself up into such a state that he threw up three times before she came. Was he excited to see her or didn't want to see her? Well, this is the new stepmother. And he's really excited. But he's just such a hyper kid, and he gets involved in that. Couldn't believe it. Do you have a bunch of homework and stuff to do tomorrow? Well, that would be good if Diane and I are out of here.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I don't have a lot. Because actually, this week in life, this course is pretty mellow. But I finally got a hold of Bishop Kelly. They finally call me back, someone there. My observation I have to do there.
Speaker 2: Oh, you are going to do it?
Speaker 1: Not my student teaching, my observation. Totally different.
Speaker 2: Well, who sets that up? You or?
Speaker 1: Well, you set it up through the education department. They have to call and approve you. I mean, they have to say, you know, I have five students coming. These are the names. You know, I'm just having these weirdos coming and saying, let's just observe your school, you know? And so finally, Dr. Latham called me back. He called Wednesday and yesterday. And then he called me back. He called me this morning, but I wasn't in yet. So.
Speaker 2: So when did you start that?
Speaker 1: I go on Tuesday to meet him and to get it set up then, so.
Speaker 2: How do you say his name? I don't think that's how you. That's what they told me. Oh, OK. I didn't think that's how you can ask a good old Basque man. That's what I, I mean, that's different. Yeah. So then, do you observe different teachers or one teacher?
Speaker 1: I can pick. He goes, I'll introduce you to him. And he goes, you can pick which one you want then.
Speaker 2: You should sit in Miss Brown's and some of those. Those aren't English. Well, you
Speaker 1: have to do English, huh? I don't know anything about English teachers now. But I'll probably, I mean, you get bored doing it. I mean, they want you to, if you can help, you know, maybe grade paper or do with something. But it's also a lot of work for the teacher to find something that you can do just being there an hour a week or two hours a week. So as long as you can't, as long as you get bored, I mean, I'm watching the same class for 20 hours. That's boring, just sitting there. So I mean, if you can get involved, it helps you. Plus, also, it's passed the time. So I told Mickey, I'm like, Mickey, I'm going to be in late Tuesday. She's like, I don't care. You just make your own schedule anyway. You just come and go as you please. I don't care. I asked Kathleen. I said, how'd you get off the phone? I said, I'd be there at 7.45. Dr. Littlefield and I said, oh, yeah, Kathleen. I said, since you're the one in charge, I said, I'm going to be in late Tuesday. Is that OK? She's like, yeah, OK. I said that. She just leave me a sticky so I know. And then I go, I'll leave a sticky on Tony. So she thinks that we include her and things. I told Mickey, because like, I don't care. What does Christie teach there? I heard she did. I was lost here.
Speaker 2: She taught English.
Speaker 1: You just don't know what's going on at that school anymore. That's sad about that kid in the paper who was in the coma. He was the star baseball player at BK. He got that scholarship to, he just won a getaway player of the year two years ago.
Speaker 2: But I thought it was his dad who was in the hospital.
Speaker 1: No, it's him. He's in the coma. He got hit by that drunk driver. and his younger brother plays at BK as a football game. The article is about how all the families are going to go out of the game today because sports are very important. This family, they all used to go watch the older brother play baseball, and that's what he would want is their family to be at the game. The coach, I think it's Tim Berliner, one of the people that said, if you don't want to play, that's fine. If you have to go out of a play, you just do whatever. But it was like, gosh.
Speaker 2: There's a lot of pressure on this football team because Nick, yeah I mean it's his dad who's the field is dedicated to and he wants to dedicate his senior year to his dad, memory of his dad because he was a star player. And they play CUNY, isn't that always that, your homecoming?
Speaker 1: No, because we usually lose to keyless. We always feel like Payette, that we beat every year for like 17 years. And I think our junior or senior year, we lost. And we beat you, yeah. Yeah, it was like, oh, god. But the only time I went to the game was to figure out what was going on afterwards. So it didn't really matter.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: Well, I never knew. I can never even tell you how the players would have knew how you played football. And I knew the ones that mattered.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I want to do a couple of the JV games at one time. I think they're getting team loss Wednesday, though. So they're two and five and two now. They want a loss two games. They lost to Cincinnati.
Speaker 2: Well, I thought maybe that's what he was doing last night, because we came by the stadium, the Pavilion, the football field. And BSU, the lights were on?
Speaker 1: Well, the seniors play. The varsity has games Thursday and Friday.
Speaker 2: Oh, OK.
Speaker 1: Because they can't always get all the games in, especially when it gets dark this early now. They have to have a lot more games. And most of the schools don't have fields you can play at in Boise.
Speaker 2: But there sure weren't a lot of people there.
Speaker 1: Probably.
Speaker 2: But that was 7 o'clock. I don't know what time the game started.
Speaker 1: Just to come in. Their games usually start at 7 on Wednesdays. But Varsity.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I don't know. Varsity probably starts at 7. 7, 7 o'clock. There weren't a whole lot of.
Speaker 1: It might have been their pocket. Maybe playing an out-of-town team too.
Speaker 2: And I know dad said, I don't know why they have the lights on yet, because it still was really light out.
Speaker 1: We'll have to get them on so they can get it going.
Speaker 2: And I thought maybe that was, I thought maybe it was the sophomores.
Speaker 1: I thought this game was at 445. I know they have one afternoon game, but this next Wednesday I found out that I was going to go and watch this game after work, you know, to get off work right at five and go to work at Popeye's. But I think I gave him a seven. I was like, oh, then my legs hurt. Couldn't have walked anywhere. That was a weird thing. Because I had came in today, and she goes, what's wrong with her legs? One day I was freaking out about it. And I said, it was. It was freaky.
Speaker 2: Well, that's the kind of call in the morning. Because I didn't want to go in and wake you up and say, how are your legs? Because I had a hell of a thing they are. My legs are fine, but I'm tired. But I need some more sleep. And so luckily, I remembered to call early enough. Otherwise, I was going to call you at work. But then I thought, that'd be kind of stupid. I'd call you at work. And if you didn't go to work, they'll say, no, she's home sick today. What kind of mother are you?
Speaker 1: You live in the same house. I know. I mean, we have different schedules and stuff. But like I said, they're still kind of sore, like achy kind of stuff. I mean, I can walk and everything.
Speaker 2: I think it's more of a flu.
Speaker 1: That's what I think it was. Because if you have an appetite or anything else like that, I think that's part of it. I mean, I have to be sick to not eat. And I've made up for it the whole day. Everything looked good. I was like, oh. Because you and I had to go up to the store and get the punch and cups and stuff for the open house. And I mean, everything looked good at the store. And she was sick, so nothing looked good to her. And I was like, that looks good. Does that look good? No, no.
Speaker 2: Well, it was like yesterday after I got my car fixed. I took it in for the maintenance thing. And it was a free one.
Speaker 1: That's what you told me, yeah.
Speaker 2: And then Dad wanted to go get that oil for the fans, oil to put on the fans. He said, will you go do that, and I'll go to the grocery store. And I was hungry then, because this was 3 o'clock, and I ate breakfast at 8 o'clock. And everything looked good. So $100 later, I walked out of the grocery store. And then we went last night.
Speaker 1: How do you get stuff for the store?
Speaker 2: For dad, yeah. For hunting.