Speaker 2: I got a story to tell you. It's a Shaggy Dog story as long as we're talking about that record at $600. I'll tell you the story. Oh gosh, Ray and I and Sue and Buddy took a trip to Mexico City. It must have been four or six months after my dad died. That's how I remember it. He died in December of 67. Sometime in 68, we took this trip. We've been talking about it for a while. Flew down to Mexico City. We, I think it was the name of my hotel, which wouldn't mean anything now, but we ended up in a fabulous hotel. First night, very unhappy with our rooms. We're getting down now. And the next morning, Buddy, who's an early riser, anyhow, he was probably up at four o'clock, and he went down there and complained to the manager. So, because it was not the accommodation we were supposed to have had, we checked in at eight o'clock at night or so, which is, in Mexico, it was like, you know. Well, we ended up with a corner suite with, it was so big, we could have a party for 50 people and invested three bathrooms in it. Two bedrooms, so they had, but they had an extra guest bathroom with a big bar. It was open on two sides, because we didn't have everybody there for two hours. And I remember the New York Yankees were training there, so it probably was season opens in April, so it probably was February or March. Mickey Mantle and Whitey Ford and all of them. I wish I had been smart enough to know them. These baseball cards and autographs would be selling for three or four hundred dollars, but at any rate, I went down there with a recorder. We used to, we had those things at the store that we used to use when we go out of town, particularly if we were looking at some site, or we were looking at the store with some comments and talking to those things. We had four or five of them here and had one, I had one, I had one. Everything worked, probably a financial guy. Things sold at the time for about $8,900. eight or nine hundred dollars. You've got a very sophisticated little one now about this size. A little sumbitch weighed about fifteen pounds. It was some heavy sumbitch. Had a pouch, something like you, and I carried it around. At any rate, my wife had fallen in love with a Mexican artist by the name of Nearman. I forgot his first name. A Jewish guy. his painting sold for generally a thousand dollars plus which was for me a lot of money in the lab years ago i was no way i was gonna spend first of all didn't like it the first plan relative in Mexico or something, but they've been down there many times. And he had his book. And we got down there and he was all over the place. His paintings where he lived in Mexico City. And we had a cab driver that was going to take us I can't remember one of the roughest rides. And if you ever been to Mexico City and did a ride in some kind of city about 100 miles away, I thought we were going to die going down to an old car. Anyway. But before that, he took us around the city. Still got his car in somewhere. Slammed the damn door on his guy, poor guy's hand one day. Now we had him about three days. One day we took him down to wherever we went. Buddy and Sue didn't go. But he took us to the ruins and a lot of stuff. I knew then and I know now that those guys take you to a particular place, they get a commission. Well, they took us to this guy's studio. They took us to this artist's studio. And Ray, he was there. And she saw a painting she liked. He wanted that damn recorder. And he said, I'll tell you what I'll do. He said, if you take this painting, I want that recorder. I'll take it. He said, no, I can't do this. It was about a $1,000 swap. Shit, I thought my wife was going to have it. She was pissed off. Mexico City was a, in those days, probably still is. For this guy, he was very successful. But it was an art company and there were a lot of Americans down there. He was not an American. There were a lot of Americans down there because cost of living was so cheap at the time. At least art shows everywhere. Well, we bought a painting with a little Mexican woman, still got it with a watermelon on her head, liked it a lot, and paid $30 for it. That's about my price range. They bought a couple of other inexpensive paintings, made them collectively. They spent $150. We weren't art collectors. And to spend $1,000 to me for a painting was unthinkable. It was the first painting ever bought. My father-in-law bought a Jerry Ray. It was one of Jerry's original early paintings, which I thoroughly enjoyed. She used to change styles. But while we were down there,
Speaker 1: And I've seen that somewhere before.
Speaker 2: You know, I've had that painting for thirty-five years, I guess. I've never framed it, and I really like it. My father-in-law wanted to give me a painting from a piece of art from my office, and so we had a display guy at the time, but it was Ben Money, fashioned himself as an artist. So he got this from Jerry, and I loved it. And I can see all kinds of things. This fellow Leroy Neiman over here, sports artist. Not the same guy as this guy, Neiman.
Speaker 1: I forgot his name.
Speaker 2: SHORT? I thought there was a connection. Well, we looked at a lot of art in the parks, and it was pleasant weathering. It was sort of like what's it called, a district in New York, where on Sunday you put all the artists, put their paintings out, the village, the village. You know, all these artists put their, well they had, must have had three areas like that. There must have been thousands of paintings. And most of them very inexpensive, starving artists that were down there. Lots of them there. Well, we wandered around down in the area which I've forgotten the area that they called in Mexico City where most of the jewelry shops are and things. It's got a name. I can't remember. I haven't ever been back. They also had a lot of artist galleries down there. And I walked in this gallery, there were one of them. We were down there maybe 10 days. And I saw this guy, near when I never heard of him. At that time, he got famous at the 19, probably 72 Olympics. But his art was already in collections of guys like Edward G. Robinson. He was very popular in Hollywood. He also had a very prolific big handlebar mustache. And I walked in, and there must have been about 12 or 15 paintings in there. They were...
Speaker 1: SHORT? You walked into a studio or...
Speaker 2: He didn't live there. He didn't live in Mexico. The guy, the Jewish fellow, they're both Jewish. This guy Nierman, who was a Mexican national, lived there. Forgot his first name. Leonardo Nierman or something. At any rate, this guy's name was Leroy Nierman. I never heard of Nierman, because Ray went down there and wanted to buy one of those paintings. These were paintings, which you have to say, were about the size of this Joe Namath there, which is a seriograph. And we went in, They were just back from Acapulco. The season was just over in Acapulco. And he had about 15, 20 paintings, 25 paintings. Football players, horse races, that's what he did. They were about that size. I'd been in there. I looked at them. They just struck me as something I loved. They were great. They had a very distinctive style. And the guy said, Had you been in here so many times, what time did they give you a deal? You can pick out any 40s you want or give them to you for $500. Shit, I love those things. I stewed on those son of bitches. I bought those fucking paintings. I'd have to buy that damn thing for Ray. I'd trade that camera for $1,000 and $900 to buy another one. I promise you this guy is my witness. this guy's original self for $100,000 a piece or more. He is big, big, he's the premier sports artist in the world. And I'd never heard of him. But of course, Price was right for me, but I didn't buy him. That was about 1968, and I was watching the Olympics of 1972, and he'd been engaged by the Olympic Committee. He was prominent to him, but not world famous. And he was up all over. He's got a great big Bull Moose mustache, sort of a big General Bull Moose, if you remember. And his aunt was so distinctive. And he's just sketching. I said, Jesus, that's my man. I remember semi-philippics. I hollered and screamed and told the story. Well, of course, since that time, I wanted mainly one main gallery in New York that I think distributes from around the United States, and I'm on the mailing list. And they get today 2,500 to 2,750 for a serigraph. I could have walked away with those things, but that's my story on that machine, that damn thing. And, of course, obviously I didn't know what I was missing if I'd done that.
Speaker 1: But, you know. You didn't spend that much on the whole trip probably.
Speaker 2: Oh, hell, you know, I would say probably, certainly we didn't spend $500 for novelties and things of that nature. You know, you talk about a long time ago, Mexico City was cheap. We were priced. I mean, we stayed in a first-rate, I guess it's called today, a four-star hotel, but hell, I don't mind. We paid $20, $25 a night, you know. But anyhow, I give my wife this story every once in a while, this guy's name, because I like this guy, I love him. And of course, you know, I've never, this one over here on the right, although it's signed by Paul Brian, And it was also signed by the artist. It was done for a poster. That's not what they call a serigraph. Joe Namath, who was of course an Alabama football player, yes, I saw it out in San Francisco and my in-laws bought that for me. That's my experience with one of those machines. I didn't have enough judgment to give him the machine because I'd say probably it wasn't like it was like computers in the year or so after that. That thing was so impractical because it was heavy, heavy, heavy.
Speaker 1: Well, it's like you say, you gave me one for Christmas today.
Speaker 2: You know, you buy one for $60, $80. I got one. I bought Radio Shack.
Speaker 1: Did
Speaker 2: Ray ever get the Nearman?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: But over the years, I'll have to tell her this story tonight because I haven't thought about it in a long time. And she'll say to me, I told you to kill him. I told you. I must have gone to a new place five times. You know, they'd go in there and your mouth would just war it.
Speaker 1: Shit.
Speaker 2: I bought her.
Speaker 1: But you knew you were going to have to buy her.
Speaker 2: Well, if I bought those things, shit, I'd have to buy her that damn thing.
Speaker 1: Oh, ain't no question.
Speaker 2: There was no question about that. Wouldn't have been any living with her, you know. I've gotten a lot better, but in those days, you know, hell, I was maybe, let's just see, 68, 78, 88. Just 27, 28 years ago, I was 38, 39 years old, and I sure wasn't prosperous. I had my damn trip budgeted. And to have gone out there and spent, I remember, $1,500 to $2,000 for artwork, you know, my mother, who was, you know, stronger and looser than me, come back because she'd known. I mean, my fucking head now.
Speaker 1: She'd have deducted it.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: At any rate.
Speaker 2: That's a good story, though. True story. Good story. True story. It was a true story.
Speaker 1: Well, it would have cost you that
Speaker 2: to replace the doggone machine. I'd had to replace it for the store, but as it was only a matter of, I guess, a year, those things were really antiquated. Although, we used them a lot in those days. And I recorded the whole trip and, you know, things that we did. It was a wonderful trip. Better than keeping a diary. Well, it was a lot easier. It really is.
Speaker 1: Well, we tried keeping a diary on the China trip and, man, it was...
Speaker 2: Well, I keep a diary because I've been traveling much lately. I keep a diary when I go out of the country. Still got it in here. Otherwise, my problem is, and it's a lot easier to do it that way, but I keep a diary when I go out of the country. I forgot where I went. I have to look because I can't remember.
Speaker 1: Well, you go to so many places, on a cruise particularly, you know, so many places in a short time that you get them mixed up. Now, we can't even keep our photos straight without the diary.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. Well, you know, when you get back from your trip until you make another trip. But having taken as many trips as you've taken, shit, they sort of run together. I'm talking about the ones that were five years ago to separate the trip that you went on this one from. It's tough to do, but it's a lot easier to die than you can transcribe it. But I don't take my diary in the domestic United States, and we haven't traveled all that much, but I have taken the first trip I made. In 1976, outside of Mexico, out of the country, I went to the Orient on a business trip. But it was, I went to Japan with Osaka, which was the Texas city, and then Taipei and Hong Kong. And it was a U-Bent. But it was, for me, not only in education, we'd been doing some importing, but through a group. And it was a group that went. I guess it probably was a dozen in our group that went. It was a group of stores we were associated with. It was an interesting trip, very educational. I still got my notes from 1976, but those goddamn cards and how they get over everybody gives you cards. I have to get how impressed I was with all the Orientals. The Japanese are so bright, my God. I just...
Speaker 1: They work at it though, man. They're the Chinese work at it. They're good students. Listen, look at these people from India, what good students they are.
Speaker 2: Some of you fine doctors here. Thirty-three percent of the black juveniles in their 20s are either in jail, on parole, or just released. Thirty-three percent.
Speaker 1: And I read in another one...
Speaker 2: SHORT? That doesn't count. I mean it got worse. And I believe I'm correct on this for you. 12% of the black male population of the United States is in prison. 12% of the black male population, as you say. How many ought to be in jail? Probably that many more. But the point I was going to make is there are always exceptions. And not to take anything away from Percy Jones' article I read this morning. I don't know what his family had, but he's come out of it. But by and large, across the board, they've just never educated themselves. They come from his background.
Speaker 1: That's the hard part. They haven't educated me.
Speaker 2: You see these people come here from Taiwan, Korea, Cambodia, Taipei. Parents can't speak English. They come over and they're not speaking English. And they excel holistically in the most difficult subjects, I mean chemistry, physics, medicine. I remember one year, at the time I remember reading the articles, but ten or twelve years ago, there were fourteen public and private high schools and three or four fellows, I don't know how many of them were there. I remember there was a big article, it was five valedictorians. This is a street proposal, five valedictorians that year were Oriental descent. It couldn't have been at that time, 250 families in the whole damn area. You think about the Jews, the Irish, and the blacks, and it's the same all over the fucking world. And I just read an article in the New York Times yesterday, a clip from my wife to read, about the fact that in Israel, where they have brought in 30,000 and 500,000 Russians. They're proud of the fact that they've been able to do this in a country of five million people. would devastate most countries. I mean they... It's 10%. And the Ethiopians in particular had a big march last week because they're second-class citizens. The Jews look down on them too. You know, they've got a class situation. They look different. And because they haven't accepted the Russians too well either. Although the Russians, a high percentage of Russians are, according to this article, are scientists, doctors, But there's a big, you know, there's a class differential, which was interesting. I really hadn't thought about it in many years how those blacks had integrated into society. I am told, I haven't seen any of them, but the blacks, they're not like the Alpenacs. They're smaller features, but they are dark skinned, and they looked at them. I don't know if there are any other black Jews over there.
Speaker 1: I don't know. A lot from South Africa, but they're well-educated people around there, a lot of them. A lot of Jews from South Africa.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. I know that this fellow, Goldstone, who was the head of this group. It was a Jewish fellow because there was a picture of him in the paper with a yamaki on it. He had looked pretty good indication.
Speaker 1: Well, you know, there's what astounds me is, and this goes back into 19, let's see, Duner, This goes back maybe 1970 in Houston.