Speaker 2: But to try and talk me out of believing in Murphy's Law by offering a miracle as a replacement, that doesn't work.
Speaker 1: Well, you're right. I think they're probably flip sides.
Speaker 2: Who are you?
Speaker 1: Pollyanna? Hardly. Hardly. Look where I've come from. This chapter on heaven and hell, it's really interesting. I used to have this sort of standard line that there were two things I got out of my marriage. One was a name that was easy to spell and one was a child that really got me grounded. But the fact of the matter is that the marriage itself, I mean as hellish as it was, it's like it pulled me under like a giant octopus or a giant, giant shark and it pulled me all the way under and then there I was, it was like the silent scream and then then I found that I was on my own two feet again and it really was what was hell in that that marriage became It became a way out for me. It was the flip side. It's like sometimes you go through things and you come out the other side of them, you come out so much better. And if I hadn't had that, if I hadn't had... That's not the way with food. I mean...
Speaker 2: It comes out very hellish.
Speaker 1: Very hellish. But it's so good going down. There's the opposites again. The food is all unique and wonderful and heavenly.
Speaker 2: It's Major League yin and yang.
Speaker 1: Major League.
Speaker 2: What does that have to do with Heaven and Hell in the book?
Speaker 1: Well, I'm just sort of reiterating. I could read you some. I mean, is that allowed?
Speaker 2: No, I don't want to hear anything out of a book with a chapter called Heaven and Hell.
Speaker 1: You don't?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: Okay. Well then let's talk about our vacation.
Speaker 2: I'm going to be closed-minded about it.
Speaker 1: Oh, dear. That's hell.
Speaker 2: I didn't like the book the minute I looked at it.
Speaker 1: You didn't?
Speaker 2: No. That's because you... It's because I have my own ideas about it, I guess, that I'm pretty comfortable with.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: I don't like reading books about what other people think about dying. I consider myself a real free thinker when
Speaker 1: it comes to that stuff.
Speaker 2: Remember in the movie, in Beetlejuice, the handbook for the recently deceased?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I think books, words, I mean, they just become handbooks. You distill them and use them in your own way.
Speaker 2: No. No, I don't. I come up with my own ideas about that stuff.
Speaker 1: Where do you get the ideas?
Speaker 2: Thought.
Speaker 1: Where do you get those thoughts?
Speaker 2: Processing what goes on around me.
Speaker 1: Well, isn't a book part of what goes on around you?
Speaker 2: More from an oblique source, you know, where you're reading fiction or articles or history or something like that. But for me it's very difficult to pick up a book about death, that someone's written about death because it's bullshit. Who knows what death is?
Speaker 1: What this man has put in the book, you haven't read the book one, you haven't read the book so you don't know. I haven't read the book, so I don't know.
Speaker 2: It's not the presumptuous thing to sit down and write a book about death when you haven't died.
Speaker 1: It has stories in there from the Zen and it just pulls on other different sources. Well it might all be bullshit, but you've got to pull these ideas from your environment and what's gone on before. The things I know most about life and death come from my grandmother. I haven't gone through all that with her. And then it was interesting because reading I did after that substantiated that experience. For two months prior to her death, did I tell you this, that she dreamt about, she had this dream of falling off a building. Just like that cartoon we saw.
Speaker 2: falling.
Speaker 1: The animation cartoon. It was like that, and that's what she was dreaming about. And then she said that she dreamt about all of her relatives that had died. She wasn't dreaming about anybody who was living but who had died. And I read that later. It was much later I read that in the book where people who had technically died and then had been revived saw relatives coming for them.
Speaker 2: I've read that.
Speaker 1: Of course that may be what happens prior to the big nothing.
Speaker 2: So why are you reading a book about dying?
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Speaker 2: You don't know?
Speaker 1: They have an interest in it.
Speaker 2: Why? You're alive. Why are you reading a book about dying?
Speaker 1: I've always been interested in it. Why?
Speaker 2: I mean, you know, you ask someone why they're interested in electronics and they can probably tell you.
Speaker 1: Well, I don't know. I guess for some reason I was fascinated with that movie last night with Lillian Gish and Betty Davis. I couldn't believe these two old... I don't know. I want to say windbags. But what happens to them? Here's Bette Davis, this incredible film legend. We think of her in Jezebel, we think of her smoking cigarette smoke into the faces of William Holden and the like.
Speaker 2: I've never seen those movies.
Speaker 1: I've never seen a Betty Davis movie. You've heard the song, Betty Davis Eyes.
Speaker 2: Sure.
Speaker 1: And she's got, the woman's got a rep. And so she lives. And I guess it's looking at my mother too.
Speaker 2: What does that have to do with why you're reading a book on death?
Speaker 1: I've always been interested in death.
Speaker 2: Why?
Speaker 1: Why? I'm laughing. I'm thinking one thing my mother always used to say when I wouldn't go bicycling with my father. She would say, you'll be sorry when we're dead.
Speaker 2: Because you went bicycling?
Speaker 1: Because I wouldn't go bicycling with my father. So it's... You know, and I bit my tongue the other day because remember you said to Devin, well I really want to spend time with you?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And then we went to the Chalk Fair and then he took off with Tobias.
Speaker 2: Chalk Fair?
Speaker 1: The Chalk, the Chalk Fair. And he took off with Tobias.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Is that, that I wanted to say with him, well your dad wanted to spend time with you today. Why did you run off? And I didn't because I remembered that my mother tried to guilt me the same way.
Speaker 2: So that's why you're interested in death?
Speaker 1: Yes, because my parents were old when I was young, very, very young. I've always thought it's weird that we've been... I look down at my body and I feel like I'm in a spaceship
Speaker 2: yeah that's why you're interested in death?
Speaker 1: I just think it's so damn weird we're here And I was constructed inside of some woman's womb and I was burped out.
Speaker 2: So you're running down the road all the way to the very end, huh? You're already standing at the end of the road trying to figure out what happens there?
Speaker 1: Maybe I'm just eager to get back to where I was.
Speaker 2: Back into the womb?
Speaker 1: No, no, no. Maybe this whole lifetime was just a really rude interruption of whatever it was I was doing before my number came up and I was told I had to come back here.
Speaker 2: What if? What if worrying about that has gotten in the way of you making positive choices for yourself in your life? Instead of just worrying about that you're here and making the best out of it.
Speaker 1: Being here is so elusive sometimes. I mean, illusionary.
Speaker 2: Those are two different words and they mean two different things.
Speaker 1: Well it's illusionary. I take back what I said about elusive.
Speaker 2: You may be elusive. But to me the whole point is you have no idea what happens before or after. You have no idea. You can read books about it and you can talk about it. But the most pragmatic thing to do is to just live it. Learn the rules of the game. Play the game. For what? For whatever you want. For whatever you want. Be a doctor or a screenwriter or an actress or a philanthropist or an explorer.
Speaker 1: and explore.
Speaker 2: Do what you want with the time you have. Learn, give, whatever.
Speaker 1: Love.
Speaker 2: Love?
Speaker 1: Love. Could I laugh you? Could I laugh you while I'm here?
Speaker 2: Don't make light of what I'm saying.
Speaker 1: No. Think about the kids. Who are these kids? Who are these kids? These little seed pods that have been sent all day.
Speaker 2: Well, sometimes for me they are a whip and a hair shirt.
Speaker 1: They're little lessons.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I mean, sometimes I have to be able to prep. What?
Speaker 1: Natalie asked me about Santa Claus today.
Speaker 2: What did she say?
Speaker 1: The laundromat. She said, Mom, Santa Claus isn't... I mean, is there a for reals Santa Claus? I said, a for reals Santa Claus? You mean a man who lives at the North Pole? She said, yeah. I said, no. And she said, well, who are the other ones? I said, well, they're the spirit of Santa Claus, and they represent Santa Claus. They're a picture of Santa Claus. They're Santa Claus' agents. They're pictures of Santa Claus. Is my mic on?
Speaker 2: It sure is. You just damn near broke the damn needle there.
Speaker 1: And then she said, well, who fills the stockings? And I said, love fills the stockings.
Speaker 2: Oh, God.
Speaker 1: She said, oh, you mean adults? Adults who want to show you how much they care. And I said, yeah, adults around who love you fill those stockings. And she said, but some adults talk about Santa Claus. I said, that's because they want to believe in Santa Claus. And that's what I told her. I said, I want to believe in Santa Claus. In fact, sometimes I do believe in Santa Claus. And that really satisfied her. But I thought it was very pragmatic of her to ask about that in June. I thought to myself, if she asked me that on Christmas Eve... She must have gotten some sort of signal somewhere. Today in the laundromat?
Speaker 2: What does that have to do with death?
Speaker 1: Well, we were talking about death and illusions. The illusions of this life. You know, my favorite word when I was 12 was paradox. Why? Because I thought any word that was defined, I mean I remember the definition that I learned in seventh grade, that was paradox, seemingly contrary. And I had a hard time with the definition. So I thought, God, a word that I'm supposed to learn, and I get this definition, I don't even understand the definition.
Speaker 2: The definition of the word paradox is by design ambiguous. It's shown in this one, an ambiguous paradox.
Speaker 1: Is that redundant?
Speaker 2: Yes.
Speaker 1: Well that was age 12 so that was very close to Devon's age when I sort of bit my teeth into that one.
Speaker 2: Bit your teeth huh?
Speaker 1: And then yeah as I went... I took a bite.
Speaker 2: Is that like cutting it in the nip?
Speaker 1: I get a little ahead of myself.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I guess you do.
Speaker 1: Oh God, I hope this doesn't all sound real stupid. Well, from 12 to 17 then, that went from paradox to the invisible interfacing with the visible.
Speaker 2: Huh?
Speaker 1: The invisible, interfacing with the visible. For everything you see, you can look at me and I'm a body. You see eyes, you see body, you see hair, you see...get your hands off me. You see all those things, right? But there's me inside and that's invisible. I mean, what if you took the same space suit and you put another spirit into it? It would be a different person. They'd say, let me out! It would be a different person. I wouldn't be me.
Speaker 2: That's right. It would be different personalities.
Speaker 1: So, I think it's very fascinating.
Speaker 2: Of course, that's a hypothetical. How do you know that? It's very interesting. Maybe the space suit has something to do with who's inside of it. I mean, you don't know that.
Speaker 1: Wouldn't that be a fascinating experiment?
Speaker 2: Because look, genes, genetic makeup, it's proven, and that's part of the space suit if you want to use that, that your genetic makeup largely determines who you are.
Speaker 1: You mean the chemical bath I sit in?
Speaker 2: Yeah, as it were.
Speaker 1: It sort of dictates how I feel about being in this space.
Speaker 2: Yeah, that's right. It depends on your brain dolphin level.
Speaker 1: My brain dolphin, that's sweet.
Speaker 2: A lot of it has to do with the five dollars and ninety eight cents worth of chemicals and compounds that make you
Speaker 1: We could spend a lot of our life trying to contradict that.
Speaker 2: Why?
Speaker 1: Well, because it may be a very bad chemical bath. We may have been put into something that's completely acid to our true essence.
Speaker 2: Yeah, but we have no choice in that matter.
Speaker 1: And we spend a lifetime... That's right. Well, no apparent choice. No choice that we know of.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1: But rather than... I mean, I'm not all bent out of shape about it. But I just... My yearning is maybe not to run ahead and get to the exit. I mean, maybe it's the yearning for where I was before I was born.
Speaker 2: Well, how is Wright reading a book written by some schmuck who thinks he's an expert on death?
Speaker 1: Well, he may or may not be a schmuck.
Speaker 2: Anyone who sits down to write a book about death with the hopes of enlightening his fellow human beings is, in my book, a schmuck.
Speaker 1: Well, now, them's fighting words, boy.
Speaker 2: Who the hell is someone, anyone, who's living to sit down and write a book about death? Really? You know, it's like, this is the person who falls under that category of expert that I disdain so much.
Speaker 1: I know a lot of- Maybe he's a very old soul.
Speaker 2: Please. Like, old King Cole. Well... If he's a very old soul, he should keep it to himself.
Speaker 1: You know, I felt after Gretchen died it was all rather unfair. I mean, the tides at work just swept over her so quickly.
Speaker 2: But really not so quickly. It was something that had started in her
Speaker 1: a very long time ago. She was gone in less than five months, six, eight months and it just amazes me and you can't drag on and on and on about a fellow creature who's gone but I still miss my grandmother and I certainly miss my dog I just think it's so weird that they're gone. Where did they go to?