Speaker 2: Excuse me.
Speaker 1: Hey, how are you guys? Are you good? Are you good? Yes, how are you?
Speaker 2: You're the guy. You're the guy to talk to, then.
Speaker 1: I'm the guy, yeah.
Speaker 2: I didn't know if I had the right place.
Speaker 1: Yeah, he got it.
Speaker 2: I just... What are you doing there?
Speaker 1: You're probably going, eh, this is strange. What's this guy doing? Putting water in a 56-gallon container inside my truck.
Speaker 2: Wow. That's quite a...
Speaker 1: I have to haul it to a property which doesn't have any water, and I have to spray the road.
Speaker 2: Oh. Interesting.
Speaker 1: Because the road, before you can drive on it, needs... more stability. Give me one second to watch this thing.
Speaker 2: Is that to keep the dust, keep the dust down?
Speaker 1: Well, no, it's not that so much. They put a type of base on it to use water and that just hasn't happened yet.
Speaker 2: Oh, I see. So there's some chemical reaction that has to take place.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I guess.
Speaker 2: OK.
Speaker 1: Nice to meet you.
Speaker 2: Good to see you. What's your name?
Speaker 1: Jeff. OK. Here's my card here. Thanks, Jeff. I'll get you warming up a bit here.
Speaker 2: Is this the house we're looking at?
Speaker 1: I'll take it down in the basement.
Speaker 2: Is the furnace down in the basement?
Speaker 1: What's left of it, yeah.
Speaker 2: Is it an old system?
Speaker 1: Yeah, we had the asbestos cell removed from it.
Speaker 2: Oh really?
Speaker 1: So that's been done.
Speaker 2: I was just out of place that does asbestos removal.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Caltech?
Speaker 1: They're the guys who did it.
Speaker 2: Are they?
Speaker 1: All right. That's down in Berkeley, right?
Speaker 2: No, they've got an office here in Napa.
Speaker 1: No, Synergy. Synergy. Different one. I didn't know they had one up here.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I think they just recently moved here. As I was wondering.
Speaker 1: Where's the man with the camera in there?
Speaker 2: I got my recorder right here.
Speaker 1: That's pretty clever.
Speaker 2: Yeah, my brother teaches linguistics, and I guess he's doing the study. They just want business conversations.
Speaker 1: All right, well. Wow. Here's the animal. My gosh. Wow. They took some of it with them, obviously.
Speaker 2: This used to be an old oil fire?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think it was an old. See the oil tank here? Isn't that an oil tank?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: My guess is.
Speaker 2: So then you get duct work?
Speaker 1: Well, yeah. What they did, they took the stubs and they cleaned them up. So you can tie right into them, see? Yeah. So this used to have asbestos, huh? Yeah.
Speaker 2: Where did all this connect? Was there a plenum on top of here?
Speaker 1: Yeah. There was a big hood that went over the top of this thing with these stacked that went this way. And then one that goes back underneath there to the kitchen. There are different ones that kind of go all the way up.
Speaker 2: You can see one right, there's a rectangular one right there. Is that one right there that I'm flashing my light on?
Speaker 1: It might be. It kind of looks like it. And then there's one farther up. And then there is this one here.
Speaker 2: So you got one, two, three, at least two there.
Speaker 1: And then there's another one way down. I don't know if you can see it or not, but it's up into the kitchen.
Speaker 2: So there's probably three back there. Any of them on this side?
Speaker 1: Well, no. But we want you to kind of give us an idea. I don't know what your thoughts are. You want to add a few more? Add a couple, yeah. See a way back there? Is that one way back? Let's get this thing to a point. I don't know what this one looks like.
Speaker 2: I was connected to one of them.
Speaker 1: Yeah, they left that here.
Speaker 2: I don't see any back in here.
Speaker 1: well there's definitely one back there now there's nothing out here and this is where we feel we should add one this is going to be a dining room one there for sure what about above this section of the house well let me show you that
Speaker 2: Now, you're on propane?
Speaker 1: No, this is natural gas.
Speaker 2: Oh, really?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Oh, good.
Speaker 1: Kind of rare.
Speaker 2: That's good, because the problem with propane is that they wouldn't be able to, the county would probably have a problem with it, because they're very concerned about propane.
Speaker 1: But natural gas, I can put a... Yeah, we're real happy to get this place with natural gas.
Speaker 2: You want me to remove the old furnace?
Speaker 1: Will not have to.
Speaker 2: No, do you want me to remove it?
Speaker 1: Oh, yes.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's a big part of the deal.
Speaker 2: Well, the new first would be much smaller. That much I can guarantee you.
Speaker 1: All right.
Speaker 2: How many square feet is the house?
Speaker 1: I guess around 28.
Speaker 2: OK.
Speaker 1: I have a roof valve coming about this time, too. You're redoing the roof?
Speaker 2: get a new roof put on too?
Speaker 1: Well, I've got some problems with leakage in certain areas and it's got to get fixed before we get the rain here.
Speaker 2: Alright, well let's start in the kitchen.
Speaker 1: Okay, this is one right here. See, I don't think you saw this one, but
Speaker 2: I'm wondering if you don't have a floor plan in the house, do you by any chance?
Speaker 1: No. No. We didn't get anything when we bought this baby.
Speaker 2: I'm wondering if I should just sketch it out.
Speaker 1: It's two story though, right? Two story.
Speaker 2: Are there no registers in the second floor?
Speaker 1: Uh-huh. Okay. All those stubs that were behind us are the ones that go up through the wall.
Speaker 2: Oh, okay. lost no home as long as I don't have to do any ductoring to the second floor.
Speaker 1: Yeah. No, they're the only, the only thing that we want to do to do is tie into the existing ones.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Which are on the ground level.
Speaker 2: How about that one right there? Is that one?
Speaker 1: Uh, yeah, that's one as well. The return is back here.
Speaker 2: Okay. Good size return.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Now you're not looking at adding air conditioning, right?
Speaker 1: Well, We would like to have that as an option. You can always add that later, right?
Speaker 2: Yeah, one of the things you can do, if you don't want to do it now, you can what they call prep for air conditioning. You can put in the coil. So you've got the furnace and the coil, and then when you add air conditioning in the future, all you've got to do is put the outdoor condensing unit and refrigerant piping to that coil. So it saves additional work in the future. Otherwise, you've got to come back and put the coil in, which means you've got to modify the duct work to get that coil in there. So if you're thinking about doing it in the future, you might want to at least put the coil in. It only costs about $350 for the coil.
Speaker 1: All right. It's the outdoor air conditioning. Write that in there anyway in the quote.
Speaker 2: And now that's the dining room you want to add?
Speaker 1: Yeah, if you go over and have a look at the dining room.
Speaker 2: You've got a lot of glass in that room, it looks like.
Speaker 1: Yeah, and we're going to be making changes to the house too, so we're keeping that in mind. But if you notice, there are no registers in here.
Speaker 2: So... Is this accessible?
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: I wonder if... Was this added on, you think, maybe? I'm just wondering if that foundation wall...
Speaker 1: It might have been.
Speaker 2: ...goes
Speaker 1: to that.
Speaker 2: I wonder if I can get into this.
Speaker 1: Oh, you can get into it, yeah.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah, I've been under here. Okay, good.
Speaker 1: So, this is not a problem.
Speaker 2: I'd probably go with two registers in this room.
Speaker 1: All right. I'd probably go like one here and one there.
Speaker 2: You'd do one over there as well? Because it's a good-sized room with a lot of glass.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Or you could do it, you know, you could put like one on this wall and one on that wall.
Speaker 1: Okay, on the two outside.
Speaker 2: And then I'd probably tie them both together into one Y branch. You know, like the room. The room is shaped somewhat like this.
Speaker 1: Put like one there. One there. And what we'd want you to do in this case is maybe... Tie those together like that. See, the end of this room might be modified. So all we want to know is that we can eventually be able to do this, to get this. duct work done when we do the modifications. Oh, so you may not do the duct work at this point? Not in this room, yeah. I hate to see us do it, although if we do it on the side walls... What would the modification do? Well, we might take this out and we might push this out further and... Well, here's the drawings right here.
Speaker 2: dining room?
Speaker 1: Yeah. It's right here. Here it is right here. You can see that this is the current wall.
Speaker 2: Oh, okay.
Speaker 1: So you're going to go out. So we might, we might, we might do a little modification. So we might do a little of that, but if you're going to put it in the end wall, then maybe it wouldn't be affected. That one might down there because we might, uh,
Speaker 2: Yeah. See, well, cause I, cause we're looking at right there. Of course. No, you're going to go out.
Speaker 1: That's right. See, we're opening this. That's going to go that way. That's going out to this master, which is going to go up in the hill here.
Speaker 2: Oh, so you'll need, what about heating for that?
Speaker 1: Well, what we're going to do is put a radiant heat in there.
Speaker 2: Okay. So that one might change.
Speaker 1: Yeah. That's, that's a good point. I, I'm not, uh, we're,
Speaker 2: The only thing is, I don't know how long, is that going to be like in the future, like a year down the road? It would be nice to have heat in here in the meantime. And they say you do the furnace. It'd be nice to have it for this winter.
Speaker 1: Let me work that out my wife.
Speaker 2: Put that as a... The one thing you can do, even if you do a modification, you can move the register. I mean, say we put the register right. here. That would obviously have to be moved. It's not a big deal to move it from here to here. You might have to add a piece of duct work, but it's not going to be a major change. In this one you may not have to move at all. That may be okay. But that's probably how I do it. Something like that, or if I have the registers going that way, that might be the best way to do it. Could be like 14 by 6. And that would probably be an 8-inch duct. That would be an 8-inch.
Speaker 1: That would be a 10-inch.
Speaker 2: And the furnace, I don't know, is somewhere over in that area.
Speaker 1: Let's make sure how many feet we've got. And that's one of the key, my key concerns is how noisy the furnace is. That's a real concern to me. And I don't know what they've got these days if they're all, you know, there's pulse type furnaces, which are only kind of loud or something.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah. Yeah, Lennox Pulse.
Speaker 1: Oh, really? That's a loud one. Is it?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I've put a few of those in, and I've had problems. I wouldn't go with the Lennox Pulse.
Speaker 1: OK.
Speaker 2: I'd probably go with the carrier furnace. The return grill is plenty big enough.
Speaker 1: Yeah, it's a big return. You can't have any kind of problem there. And the pipes are big enough, so that's normally where you get a lot of noise in the house is if your ducts are too small, right?
Speaker 2: Right. The two main sources of noise are either Air noise, which is due to undersized grills, you've got air rushing through there at high velocity. The other source of noise is the fan motor itself, in the unit itself, and that's usually solved by just having flexible duct between the unit and the registers so that it dampens out the noise. In other words, if we had the furnace like right behind that wall, it would be noisy but we're going I'm not sure how it connects did we see that down there I'll have to go down and take a look at that again but imagine it goes down and then we can run some kind of a flexible duct to the unit as long as I can get say 10 feet or so between that and the unit then I then I can illuminate the noise problems so it's basically 30 by 30
Speaker 1: And this is the only return, and I would say this is not placed very well in the room.
Speaker 2: This is a supply though, right?
Speaker 1: This is a supply, right.
Speaker 2: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker 1: See, and where would you suggest they would go if we put... Boy, I'd probably go with two. I'd put one on each side.
Speaker 2: I'd probably put one right underneath that window there. Maybe underneath that window. It would be nice to put it behind the couch, but then it would be blocked off too much. So you try and put them under windows where that's where you're... Yeah, I try to put them on the coldest part of the room because... Just helps because otherwise, you know, with the grill right here, you end up having cold spots on the sides because what happens is the area goes back to the return grill. So it never really blows out to the corner. So that's why I try to put it as far away on the perimeter and have it pull across the room.
Speaker 1: Okay. Well, this is the only other addition room where we thought maybe registers would be important. And I don't know if... Floor registers? That's not a good idea these days?
Speaker 2: No, I would go with floor registers in this house because you've got high ceilings. Well, in fact, you wouldn't be able to put any kind of ceiling register in because you've got the second floor. So now floor registers are fine for heating.
Speaker 1: But you're talking about wall registers, putting them in the wall here.
Speaker 2: No, I was thinking about putting them in the floor.
Speaker 1: Oh, in the floor?
Speaker 2: Yeah, to go in the wall would be pretty tough. I don't know if you want to cut the floor though.
Speaker 1: Yeah, well I hate to do it right there. Maybe we do it right in here.
Speaker 2: Yeah, but to get in the wall would be almost, I mean you can do that during new construction, but it's tough when you're coming back after the fact because you've got your two by four framing and it's just too tough to get in there.
Speaker 1: Okay. All right, so we'd put a couple in this room somewhere.
Speaker 2: So this is like a family room?
Speaker 1: Is that what this is? It's kind of like a little parlor or library or something. This is a register, so that's okay. It sits under there. Okay. The bathroom has a register. So that was it.
Speaker 2: How about the thermostat?
Speaker 1: This guy?
Speaker 2: Okay, I would definitely go with the new thermostat.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: But that's probably a good spot.
Speaker 1: Yeah, that should be in the museum. I don't know. Am I supposed to walk you around the house here? Yeah, do you think, well, I guess you haven't really... I don't know if there's anything you need to do up here other than the fact that you kind of know that we've got them.
Speaker 2: Yeah, you haven't really lived in the house during the winter, have you?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: So you don't really know through some... See, that's what we thought we would do. So you're not really sure if there's any problems with heating certain areas.
Speaker 1: That's right.
Speaker 2: So we don't know if there's any particular areas like that. I bet you that parlor room has had a hard time in the past.
Speaker 1: It's that one grill. I think it's pretty cool in there. And then this guy has a...
Speaker 2: They got AC up here too.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I think that's going to go.
Speaker 2: Well, especially if you get the forced air heating and cooling, you won't need that.
Speaker 1: One little guy there.
Speaker 2: Yeah, see these aren't strategically placed either, but you've pretty much got no choice on most of these. It's almost impossible to change these now. But really on the second floor,
Speaker 1: So is that too bad?
Speaker 2: The heat's gonna rise from the first floor anyway.
Speaker 1: Yeah, it'll hold it in here real well.
Speaker 2: Yeah, typically if anything you have overheating problems on the second floor.
Speaker 1: Well, see that's what we wanted to do is have some kind of system that we know we can shut off certain areas.
Speaker 2: One of the things we could do, I don't think they have any dampers here, do they? Well, they do.
Speaker 1: Yeah, so you can close off individually and then it'll force the air down into... Downstairs.
Speaker 2: Now the one thing you don't want to do though is close off too many of them because then you've got to have a certain amount of air for the furnace to work properly and if you reduce the air flow too much then it won't have enough air going across the heat exchanger. It'll overheat the heat exchanger. So I would say you don't want to close more than, more than about 25% of them. Or you can close them, you know, if you close them 100%, if you close them all the way, you probably don't want to shut more than 25% of them all the way. Which I'm not sure, maybe all upstairs. You might want to leave them cracked open just a little bit though, just to make sure you get enough air. But okay, so we'd be looking at adding two registers for that parlor room.
Speaker 1: Adding two to the parlor room.
Speaker 2: And what about that one? Do you want to hold off on that? Well, maybe we should just... Or would you want to do at least one of them?
Speaker 1: I think we should do something, yeah, only because... Because if that remodel's a year away... I think this thing is going to be a cold little...
Speaker 2: Oh, I can definitely see that. I can tell you that because the windows... See, the only heat you have in this room is that one register over there.
Speaker 1: The windows in this thing are just about ready to fall out. I mean, they're not... Look at this. So I know there's going to be a lot of... A lot of infiltration. Yeah, until we get this corrected.
Speaker 2: See, hopefully you'll go with double-ping glass on your remodel. That'll help cut down a lot, heat loss.
Speaker 1: In some ways, having windows isn't a bad idea because you get a lot of natural heat from the sun.
Speaker 2: That's right. This is like east facing, right?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: So you get some morning sun.
Speaker 1: In the morning and the winter, it's going to come right across like that. So that's going to be good.
Speaker 2: So that'll be good.
Speaker 1: So maybe one register in here for the moment until we kind of feel it out would be.
Speaker 2: Sure. I mean, this one, it looks like if we put a register over here, you wouldn't have to change it anyway. With your remodel, that might work into it. Like I said, even if you do have to move it, it's not a big deal. Somebody just moves it, a carpenter can do it even, you don't even need to have us come out and do it really. You might have to buy a piece of flexible duct and stick it on there, but it's not a big deal.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Well, let me check downstairs again. I got to take some measurements on that room.
Speaker 1: Okay. My wife said she would like to have a register put in this room. I think it's kind of weird, but what do you think? What is this? Well, eventually this is going to be, uh, And we're going to open this up. We're going to take out some of these shelves and get some light to come through here. This is sort of like a pantry? Kind of a pantry area. But it's going to be an extension of the kitchen, kind of. So I don't know.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I'd probably put one like right there. What about right there? Are you going to be putting anything there? Probably something's going to go there, right? A table or something?
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Speaker 2: That's about the only spot you can put it. Well, I mean, we could put a floor register right along here. I don't know if you'd want that. But that's probably where I'd put it.
Speaker 1: In fact, the one that I was going to put in there, I'd probably... You might have trouble getting to this spot though, I think.
Speaker 2: You think so?
Speaker 1: Yeah, because it starts getting real tight up there on this end. Well, let's... Maybe on this end? Yeah, it would have to be... If anywhere, it would have to be done.
Speaker 2: That's not a bad spot.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: It's going to help out because I... See, this whole area, you just get that one grill. It's a pretty good size area right here.
Speaker 1: okay what about the kitchen let's consider kitchen's got one kitchen's got one right here yeah okay and uh i'm not too worried about the kitchen i don't like hot kitchens anyway because i'm gonna get a stove going See, this wall is eventually going to come out.
Speaker 2: Utility room.
Speaker 1: Utility room, but it's going to eventually be part of the kitchen. We're moving the utility room. So this.
Speaker 2: Well, some of these things you may want to wait until you do the remodel.
Speaker 1: I'm beginning to wonder.
Speaker 2: What you can do is tap right off the plenum because the furnace is somewhere in that general area.
Speaker 1: It's right there, yeah.
Speaker 2: And you can just tap right off the plenum of the duct and bring it to this room.
Speaker 1: Okay, well that's what we want to know.
Speaker 2: That can be done at a later time.
Speaker 1: Alright. Maybe for the sake of your quotation you should say this is what it's gonna cost you to put in a duct here, all these ducts at this time. I don't know if we can price them out individually or not.
Speaker 2: Sure, I call this what, utility room? Yeah, just call it a- Figure a duct somewhere on this wall, you think?
Speaker 1: Yeah, let's just assume it'd be on this wall.
Speaker 2: Okay. Utility room, kitchen, that back room, we'll call that pantry.
Speaker 1: Yeah, pantry. And then you got the dining room, glass.
Speaker 2: Dining room.
Speaker 1: And then the parlor. And then the parlor, one on each end there.
Speaker 2: Yeah, because we can do it now or we can do it later. But it's not any more difficult to do them at a later time. So it's not like you have to do it now. OK. So the registers that we're connecting to that are existing, how many of those we've got? We've got the one in the kitchen. We've got one in the living room here. Then there's one in the bathroom.
Speaker 1: There's one in the study. There is one in the lab. I don't know what to do with that. Do we disconnect that if we put two?
Speaker 2: Or do you leave it? I might disconnect that. Well, it's not connected up right now, so.
Speaker 1: Well, that's right.
Speaker 2: So it would just be a matter of, actually, it should be capped off probably, though. This is study. Right there. The bathroom's got one? Okay. Okay, let me take a look downstairs again at that furnace.