Speaker 2: Well when you said that though, my my new boss, she came She told Mike yesterday, she's I wanna be there at seven o'clock to go to community meeting. And so Mike is there at seven fifteen, he says, I wonder where she is. You know, and he says I get up, I wasn't planning on coming in until, and here I am early. And so she comes in, she says I apologize for for being late and everything. She's I forgot, we might have to scrape windows out here, cause she's from Arkansas. And so she went into, she's, she says, I bought four five pairs of new pants, before I left, and had em shortened. She goes and I didn't bother to try em on before I left. So she's all of em are not short enough. She's, these are the shorter one, and they're about two inches too long.
Speaker 1: Oh man.
Speaker 2: And then, she bought a brand new attache case. And yesterday was the first day she used it. Put a bunch of stuff in it to read, went home last night, and couldn't get it open. The lock would not open. And she's, I don't think it came with a kay and it's this a key. And it's this beautiful attache, leather. One that she bought just before she left. She couldn't get it open. So Mike tried and he couldn't get it, and I says, uh, don't worry, I says, we'll get, we'll get one of the maintenance men, I says they can fix anything.
Speaker 1: Or get one of the kids, they could probably
Speaker 2: Well that's what I told her. I said, kids could probably have it out in thirtyfive seconds, she's, We won't We won't test them. So I had Bill come over, Bill comes over with his Leatherman Toolman, or Or whatever it is? Few minutes, he had it undone.
Speaker 1: So she can't use it now though.
Speaker 2: Well, she says she has to really look, and it came with a strap too, she says maybe on the strap there's a key. She's and I didn't bother. She just likes it with the handle, not the shoulder strap.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: So she says, it has not been a good day. My pants didn't fit, and she says they're too long. She says I hate em. They You know, and they were kinda long on her shoes? And we were kidding her I says, just buy real high heels, and then you won't have to have em reshortened. Her attache case wouldn't Well, first, and then the windshield wipers needed wiping, and then the attache case she's, this is not a good morning. I says well,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: this is your second day of work, it only goes down hill from there.
Speaker 1: Unhunh and that That ice stuff was thick too, cause I took the blankets off my car this morning?
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: By the time I went out there again they were still They were frozen over, you know that that thin,
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: just that foggy stuff, and I'm like oh my God.
Speaker 2: Why didn't you go work out this morning.
Speaker 1: my legs were kinda sore this morning,
Speaker 2: Still?
Speaker 1: when I got up, so I thought that's probably not good. I'm gonna go tomorrow, but I was thinking, I don't wanna, you know if if I did pull something, I don't know what I did to em.
Speaker 2: Did you take the Tylenol, like I told you to yesterday?
Speaker 1: Yeah. I took some this morning then too.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Just to make sure.
Speaker 2: I think, you know, and you might be just a bug that, kind of a flu achy type thing.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah cause Jenny had that flu today, she went home today and, a lot of people have had it, you know the like Paula went in to the doctor, she was tired of just having this kind of, just not feeling real well, and she thought she had an ear infection,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: she went in, and she had a sinus infection.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Gave her some antibiotics. She goes at least I'll get over it then.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1: You know so I think it just might have been something around, but God, that was the weirdest thing.
Speaker 2: That's what I did all day today, I had three or four different kids come up, and complain of, nasal, sinus problems? So every time one of the Their docs came on, I wrote another order and,
Speaker 1: I know,
Speaker 2: called Bruce and, it's just added their name.
Speaker 1: It's just one of these long going flu things.
Speaker 2: Bruce wanted to go hunting today, and every time I call him I says, you're not getting out here early. And then finally he told me he says, uh, he wasn't going today with Mike anyhow. Mike left early.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: P And wasn't going hunting. Today. So P, In fact, then I didn't leave until f four o'clock. And then him at the copier machine, I said so much for getting out on time on Friday.
Speaker 1: Oh? Well I
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: I said Paula, I can stay if you want me to. Cause I wasn't doing anything, and we didn't do anything all day long pretty much, it was boring. We had Can I just have a little bit of that soup, just to try it?
Speaker 2: I tried It's really spicy Annette.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah? That's alright.
Speaker 2: Dad, doesn't cut up his onions, as s As smooth as I do? And I think, when I made it, I used my salsa not his salsa?
Speaker 1: Yeah?
Speaker 2: And when the chili powder says two to four teaspoons?
Speaker 1: He used the four?
Speaker 2: I probably used two. He used the four. So it's real, It'll open up your sinuses.
Speaker 1: Well I like I like the onions. I just wanna try it.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: It just smells so good.
Speaker 2: Well try a couple spoonfuls. And, I think I'll only cook it for about another half hour, and then I'll turn it off.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Um, because, well we had customer appreciation day. So we had hot dogs, and then we had the retirees come, and they're really nice ladies. And we got corsages for em and stuff, you know they really like that. And um, they're like this is probably the last year you guys get to do this, with the merger, and we're like yeah, probably. But um, they were really nice, and, but we had hot I just had a hot dog for lunch. I was gonna go buy something and I thought, God, why waste money on a hot dog, when I, or, on food when I could just eat a hot dog. So I had two of em, and I mean the first one kinda tasted pretty good? And I ate the other one, then half of the other one, it was like, whoah.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: I don't like hot dogs that well but, and then we had cake. We had, that carrot cake from Costco, that carrot cake,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: and the chocolate with the cream filling stuff,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: it's not real sweet at all, it's more like a butter cream. Kinda thing and then,
Speaker 2: Unhunh.
Speaker 1: mints and nuts, and so I ate nut Those cashews, but, it was kinda nice. Well like I said I didn't do anything all day.
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: Mm. I was busy all day
Speaker 2: Cause, we opened the annex yesterday? So yesterday was fine. Well, yesterday was a mess, cause we were trying to move all the kids' belongings, and then all of our paperwork that has to move,
Speaker 1: You're all moving over there? Again?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: No. Just some?
Speaker 2: It's just some. Well then we moved some of em over, and then we were wondering about staffing. And so we moved two of em back,
Speaker 1: Poor kids.
Speaker 2: So um, but then today I was the only nurse.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: So that takes, I mean when you're used to doing that all the time you, get up a system.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: But, it was kinda crazy. And then, it was going pretty good this morning, and the kids were real real good, um, and then I was gonna get a new admit, and had to get her from the other unit. And uh, one of the docs came in and saw all of his kids, and wrote orders on every kid. So I had all these He'd change med orders, or add new stuff, and assignments and stuff so I had to take them all up, so about Ten after two I went over and got her, then I had to do all the admit paperwork and stuff?
Speaker 1: Mm,
Speaker 2: I was late getting out of there.
Speaker 1: XXX
Speaker 2: So,
Speaker 1: So you didn't go work out today?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: I I have to go tomorrow now.
Speaker 2: Oh and, you know how I get when my heart just beats really fast? I got that at work, and usually, doesn't last very long, and it just, kept up and kept up and kept up.
Speaker 1: Cathleen has to wear a heart monitor because of that, mom.
Speaker 2: When did she get that.
Speaker 1: Yesterday. She got to see She had to go again today to take it have it taken off,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: for twentyfour hours they wanted to
Speaker 2: Would hers do that, stop and then, get real fast and
Speaker 1: It just go beating real fast, and I mean she would just
Speaker 2: Well you've seen that on my
Speaker 1: Yeah. I mean it just And she that she thinks it's her thyroid.
Speaker 2: Mhm?
Speaker 1: Because and you know she hasn't been And she's been eating, you know, probably Same if not more, but I mean hasn't, it's just her body's just not doing well.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: So she had to wear that heart monitor, you know they wanna have a baby, and he's like, He's like let's have sex tonight with that heart monitor. And Cathlene's like no. And then Patricia goes, wouldn't that be funny if your heart monitor went, and then leveled out, then how would you feel. But Cathlene's like, you're not even touching me. He's so funny. It's like, I know he just needs a reason. Oh this little baby came in XXX, he she was a week and a half old.
Speaker 2: Aw.
Speaker 1: She was Her name was little Madeline, she was so cute, she's
Speaker 2: Madeline? Madeline. And she was sucking her little thumb, You know, and she She had her eyes open when I first looked over at her, she' Sucking her little thumb, she was. It seems like such an oldfashioned name for a little baby.
Speaker 1: Mhm. Doesn't it? But oh. She was just adorable though. And she was so good the whole time.
Speaker 2: Hm. I hardly went anywhere, out in public, when you guys were a week and a half old. I mean, years and years ago you just didn't do that, tried to keep babies home and not expose em to germs and, but I guess you still have to go out and do some banking now and then.
Speaker 1: Yeah, she was meeting with a investment officer, so,
Speaker 2: What are you Have plans for tonight?
Speaker 1: Yeah I talked Louis into going out tonight.
Speaker 2: I almost called Karen, to see if she wanted to take in a movie or something, but I came home from work, and then I didn't feel that great. So,
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: I lay down and I thought well, Diane and I are going to Sun Valley tomorrow. So I thought, well maybe I'll get some of my weekend stuff done, and uh,
Speaker 1: Mm. That's pretty good. I'm not hungry, but gosh that sure tastes good.
Speaker 2: Well have a little bit more, we just won't tell him. Add some more water to it.
Speaker 1: He'll have this much left.
Speaker 2: Yeah. Well you know we were sitting here and, and, dad was in charge of the food then. And I says, well what do you wanna have, and I still have some spaghetti sauce, and it was so cute he says, can I I think there's just enough spaghetti sauce for Lou and I out there, if I take that hunting, I says no, fine. Cause uh After they hunt all day, they don't wanna spend all night cooking either,
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: So he says, well I don't know what else I can take. So I said, well why don't you I says that recipe is so easy. So I sat over here, before we went over to Diane's, and explained the recipe to em, and, and uh, we stopped at the store and got the stuff, cause all you have to do is brown some hamburger and, onions,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: and then toss cans of stuff in, and spices. He says that'd good, and, then we wouldn't have to
Speaker 1: To cook a lot. And you don't end up dirtying a lot of dishes,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: and that kinda stuff.
Speaker 2: At least they'll be out in wide open air,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: too. Mhm.
Speaker 1: Well Yeah.
Speaker 2: Mm.
Speaker 1: But I I talked him into going out last night, I was like, you know I'm like, we don't spend enough time together. And then I was I did that Yeah I was like, you know all I'm like well well fine, all on Saturdays I wanna go out with my friends every Saturday then. With my The girls then. He's like, that's fine. I said okay fine, then we won't have HI any nights HI together. I said, I see you maybe once or twice a week as it is, and I said, but you know, if you're, the guys night is so important to you, then girls night, I'm gonna start doing girls' night on Saturday. He was like that's fine. And I'm like fine, there just won't be our night then. okay, if that's what you want. I said you know, I said God forbid, I go, we actually see each other more than two nights a week, I said, you know, our relationship You know, gosh if we see each other more than two nights a week, we might, you know, that's not good for a relationship at all. I said, we just should just talk on the phone a couple nights a week. And all And he's like yeah? I said I'm being sarcastic to make my point, he's like oh. You're trying to make a point? And I was like, so I talked him in, to going out on this Friday. And he's like, F this isn't gonna be every Friday now, is it F? And I said HI no, just HI You know, does it have to be stuck in stone, that you have to go out with the boys on Friday? I said, cause I like to go out with all of our friends you know. Like a group of us? I said but if we do that on Saturdays, then I have We have no night just for the two of us. I said
Speaker 2: Well maybe that's what he's trying to avoid.
Speaker 1: Well I know, That's what he And I was like, hey. And I said you know, HI I don't, I don't care HI if you go out with the boys on Friday I said, but does it have to be every Friday? Can't it be like all of us once in a while? So that, we still can have one night together? Not every night and everything, So I called Laura today. I'm like Laura, do you wanna do something? She's like yeah, Koosh and I were just gonna watch a movie, she goes, but I wanna go out. And she's like, I said maybe we can go to Tepanyaki. She goes like is that expensive, and I said, you know, I said I think that like under ten dollars, She goes cause k, Mark just called me about, we don't have any money this week, to pay the bills, and she goes, I told him that we get paid next week, just pay some of the bills next week. But he was like, oh. But, she goes we have to kinda watch it, for the rest of the month.
Speaker 2: So, who are you going out with tonight.
Speaker 1: Koosh and Laura.
Speaker 2: And then Are you going out with just Louis tomorrow night?
Speaker 1: Hopefully.
Speaker 2: Well you're going out with Koosh and Laura, for your birthday?
Speaker 1: Probably. Afterwards, I don't know. I don't get home till eight o'clock anyway on Monday, I mean you'll be in bed by that time.
Speaker 2: I know, and what else do you want for your birthday young lady? Do you wanna cake?
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: Pie?
Speaker 1: I don't want anything.
Speaker 2: Yogurt pie?
Speaker 1: No one's gonna be here, I mean dad's gonna be gone, I'm not gonna be here, Mom's like, I want the yogurt pie.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: We should just get one for both of our birthdays. Like maybe,
Speaker 2: Maybe we'll just have a nice dinner,
Speaker 1: middle of the week.
Speaker 2: sometime during the week, for both of our birthdays. Cause I won't be here for mine either. That'll be One of your presents then?
Speaker 1: Wedding present?
Speaker 2: What kinda present?
Speaker 1: What did you say?
Speaker 2: That'll be your present.
Speaker 1: I thought you said that'll be your wedding present. And I'm like,
Speaker 2: No. I was gonna say, is it what are you saying.
Speaker 1: Nothing. Hey I got him to go out on a Friday night, that's about all I can push it. Anything more than that, But so I talked So Laura, and Koosh wanna do something, go to Tepanyaki though, but,
Speaker 2: What are you just gonna do, hang out and watch movies and stuff?
Speaker 1: Oh, probably get something to eat and,
Speaker 2: Why don't you do something really reasonable for dinner.
Speaker 1: inexpensive.
Speaker 2: What?
Speaker 1: That's inexpensive.
Speaker 2: What.
Speaker 1: Going out and getting something to eat. We're not gonna go to the Crow Inn again.
Speaker 2: No, but I mean, what are you gonna do that's inexpensive.
Speaker 1: Go out to.
Speaker 2: Like where.
Speaker 1: I don't know, like Burger and Brew, or something, you know?
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Just some casual normal place. XXX
Speaker 2: Dad didn't want all this for hunting,
Speaker 1: Dad there's a little left for you and Lou. But, it's like I'm not gonna be here on your birthday, is that okay? I'm like I'm not gonna be here on my birthday.
Speaker 2: Why is he apologizing to you. How many years has it been since When he used to always go on my birthday.
Speaker 1: Well he says that, that that's your present, when he leaves.
Speaker 2: Remember that one time on my birthday, we went out to dinner, just took his checkbook and stuff? Yeah.
Speaker 1: That was great.
Speaker 2: That'll teach him, hunh? Maybe that's how come he hasn't done that,
Speaker 1: That's
Speaker 2: the last
Speaker 1: he'll go on my birthday now.
Speaker 2: Is that some ginger ale?
Speaker 1: No it's Squirt.
Speaker 2: Would you just get me a small glass of There's a big bottle of it, down, in that bottle rack thing?
Speaker 1: Yeah?
Speaker 2: That's already open, and I drank out of it, so you can just give me that.
Speaker 1: The whole thing?
Speaker 2: Yep. Please. cause I'm not a waitress. Did you have more of that soup?
Speaker 1: you said I could.
Speaker 2: There's not gonna be anything left for your father.
Speaker 1: He's not gonna know. Just say you You put it to a boil, you turned it up, and it boiled over and. Some came out.
Speaker 2: He probably measured it.
Speaker 1: I'm not gonna be hungry if we go out to dinner, I'm gonna be a cheap date. Yeah. Well Tony wasn't there today, cause Amy had her wisdom teeth taken out.
Speaker 2: Oo.
Speaker 1: She's doing okay. They said her voice probably won't be back to normal, ever I mean, but, she called Jenny For Jenny this afternoon,
Speaker 2: Her wisdom teeth and her voice,
Speaker 1: I mean not her wisdom teeth, her tonsils.
Speaker 2: Oh. I was gonna say, man, I never knew the wisdom teeth,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Didn't do anything for your voice, you just talk as much as you used to.
Speaker 1: But, so we sent Amy flowers. Or They go, Annette call, and order some flowers. Call em, how much do you wanna spend. I don't know. I said what's what can you get a nice bouquet. Twenty twentyfive?
Speaker 2: Oh it comes out of the fund?
Speaker 1: comes out of, they just charge us.
Speaker 2: Oh. I was supposed to leave money for Lettie's going away present. In an envelope there. And, uh, I was asking Anne what we were going to get her, for her new office. She decorates her home and her office, by Chinese? And I thought this was really strange, cause she's Hispanic. You know. And and all When we went to her house, all the oriental things? And I says what Lettie needs, is Cause she loves plants, but they die on her. And in her office, if I wouldn't water em and take care of em, she wouldn't have had any plants.
Speaker 1: God.
Speaker 2: So I says, what about a nice, either silk plant, or one of the silk trees, that would sit behind her desk then? You know.
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: I says that's very soothing, when she's doing therapy and stuff. And Anne says, that's a good idea. And I says you know, Costco has some real reasonable ones, or you can, uh, silk warehouse. And she's, I think that's a good idea, and then she can, her real, other decorating she can do as she wants and prefers.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Where's her office, where's Did she move? Or is she still here.
Speaker 2: Well, no she's She's just going in with some of the doctors into private practice though.
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: And do counseling. It'll be
Speaker 1: Oh is she gonna be at the hospital though?
Speaker 2: No,
Speaker 1: Mm.
Speaker 2: She's just moving up front to the front offices?
Speaker 1: Oh. Well so you'll still see her and stuff.
Speaker 2: You know the the one doctor, who lost his wife this summer, when they were on vacation,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: she's gonna take over her practice.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: Cause their their therapy styles, are quite similar.
Speaker 1: Oh.
Speaker 2: And uh, you know, all these patients Since the death was so sudden, all these patients were just kinda left on a,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: and so she's been illing in quite a bit.
Speaker 1: Hm. Yeah,
Speaker 2: And that just kinda made her final decision, cause she said when she graduated from grad school, that's what she wanted to do, in five years have her own practice? And she said but that's scary to do,
Speaker 1: Oh yeah.
Speaker 2: And she says, so the opportunity, the patients are there. So it was a perfect opportunity.
Speaker 1: It helps. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Even though the circumstances are not the best. private practice.
Speaker 1: Hm. Mhm. When uh we sent Amy flowers, cause she's staying with her mom now. Cause she has to be watched.
Speaker 2: Oh. Yeah.
Speaker 1: And so we go, we don't know if we should send em to Tony, or to Amy. Because, Amy and Tony, they fight like cats and dogs anyway. And then when you're not feeling well, and, you know, and Amy just goes off the handle, cause Tony's You know Bugging and nosy and, and I'm like I don't know who we'd wanna send flowers to,
Speaker 2: Well you're not the most pleasant person when you're sick.
Speaker 1: HI I No one is HI. That's the thing.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: But they don't get along, I mean, that well.
Speaker 2: Well you just don't listen to me. I'm the nurse, and I tell you Do not.
Speaker 1: Just
Speaker 2: Take your medicine. Do this.
Speaker 1: That's the way Jenny went home today sick, and I said you go buy some orange juice, I said take some liquids, I said I don't want you going out at all this weekend.
Speaker 2: What did she say. Thank you mother?
Speaker 1: She goes. Oh I said I don't wanna see you out.
Speaker 2: One of the little kids came up to me and he said, I got something to tell you Alice. And I said what. He said, I bit both sides of my tongue. And so he sticks his tongue out and shows me, I said well don't anymore. And he says and it hurts like heck, and I said well don't do that anymore. And this one little kid who's been, really having a problem. The other day, he was tracking so well. And I says well, I says in the morning then, if you track really well, let me know, and I'll We'll I'll get the I'll save that tracking sheet, and give it to you. You can have it then. And you can show your parents when they come in. He was so excited, the next morning, I barely walked on the unit and he, he's screaming, Alice Alice. He says guess what, I tracked good all day long, then I forgot to turn it in. So he still stayed on level three.
Speaker 1: Poor kid.
Speaker 2: Mm. So I says, And But he was okay with that. But he says I know I did really good, and I says, I know you did too, and you can do good today, so he did really good Today also. But he was the little kid, the other day before his mother came to visit. Physically worked himself up into such a state, that he threw up, three times, before she came?
Speaker 1: Was he excited to see her, or didn't wanna see her.
Speaker 2: Well this is the new stepmother, And he's really excited, but he's He's just such a hyper kid, when he gets involved in that, couldn't believe it. Mm.
Speaker 1: Wa.
Speaker 2: Do you have a bunch of homework and stuff to do tomorrow? Well that'll be good, if Diane and I are out of here,
Speaker 1: Yeah. I mean I don't have a lot, cause actually this week in my, methods course it's pretty mellow, but I finally got a hold of Bishop Kelly, they finally called me back.
Speaker 2: About what.
Speaker 1: Someone there My observation I have to do there. I have to
Speaker 2: Oh you are gonna do it?
Speaker 1: MRC Not my student teaching, my observation MRC. Totally different.
Speaker 2: Well, who sets that up. You or,
Speaker 1: Well you just set it up through the, education department, they have to call and approve you to gi,
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: I mean they have to say, you know, I have five students coming, these are the names, so you aren't just having these weirdos coming and saying, I'm supposed to observe your school.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: You know? And so finally Doctor DeLiando called me back today. I called Wednesday, and yesterday, and then he called me back, he called me this morning but I wasn't in yet. So,
Speaker 2: So when do you start that.
Speaker 1: I go in Tuesday. To meet him. And to get it set up then.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 1: So,
Speaker 2: How do you say his name?
Speaker 1: DeLiando?
Speaker 2: I don't think that's how you
Speaker 1: Oh, that's what they told me.
Speaker 2: Oh, okay. I didn't think that's how you pronounced a good old Basque name but,
Speaker 1: XXX Well that's what I've I mean that's,
Speaker 2: Yeah. So then are you Do you observe different teachers? Or one teacher.
Speaker 1: I can pick. He goes, I'll introduce you to em, and he goes, and then you can pick Pick which ones you want then.
Speaker 2: You should sit in in Miss Brown's, and some of those, I wonder if she's still
Speaker 1: Those aren't English.
Speaker 2: Oh you have to do English, Hunh, hm.
Speaker 1: I don't know any of the English teachers now. But, I, I'll probably I mean you get bored doing it, I mean and they want you to If you can help, you know,
Speaker 2: Mhm, maybe grade or, hm.
Speaker 1: do something, but it's also a lot of work for the teacher, to find something that a
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: That you can do just being there, an hour a week, or two hours a week.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So th, sometimes you can't. But sometimes you get bored, I mean I Watching the same class for twenty hours, that's boring. Just sitting there.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: So I mean if you can get involved, it It helps you, plus,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: it also helps pass the time, but, so I told Mickey, I'm like Mickey, I'm gonna be in late. Tuesday she's like, Annette, I don't care. You just make your own schedule anyway, you just come and go as you please, I don't care. Well I asked Cathlene I said, right after we got off the phone, I said I'd be there at seven fortyfive. Doctor DeLiando I said, oh yeah, Cathlene I said, since you're the one in charge today I said, I'm gonna be in late Tuesday. Is that okay? And she's like yeah. Okay. she's just leave me a sticky so I know.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: And then I go, I'll leave a sticky on Tony's, so she thinks that, you know, we include her in things. I told Mickey, Mickey's like,
Speaker 2: What does Does Chris teach teach there?
Speaker 1: Uh, last I heard she did. That was last year but,
Speaker 2: Wouldn't it be funny if she taught English, and you got to sit in
Speaker 1: She teaches biology. Mom, You just don't know what's going on at that school anymore.
Speaker 2: Well I didn't know.
Speaker 1: That's sad about that kid in the? Who, who's in the coma, he was a, the star baseball player at BK? And he got that scholarship? To, a Gatorade player of the year, two years ago, and then he
Speaker 2: But I thought it was his dad who was, in the hospital.
Speaker 1: No, it's him. He's in a coma.
Speaker 2: Oh. Okay.
Speaker 1: He got hit by that drunk driver? And his younger brother. Plays at BK and has a football game. And I It the article was about, you know, how, they're all gonna All the family's gonna go to the game today, because, sports are very important, in this family you know,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: and they all used to go watch, the older brother play baseball, and that's what he would want, is their family to be at the game and,
Speaker 2: Oh,
Speaker 1: um,
Speaker 2: really?
Speaker 1: the coach, I think it's Tim Lincoln, or,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: one of the Lincolns, Yeah. said, you know, if you don't wanna play, that's fine, if you don't wanna If you have to come out of a play, you just do whatever. But it was like,
Speaker 2: Well that's like, gosh. there's a lot of pressure on this football team,
Speaker 1: Yeah cause,
Speaker 2: because Nick,
Speaker 1: Osetty's son is,
Speaker 2: Yeah,
Speaker 1: Mhm.
Speaker 2: I mean it's his dad, who's the field is dedicated to,
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: and he wants to dedicate his senior year to his dad, in memory of his dad, cause he was a star player.
Speaker 1: Yeah, so,
Speaker 2: And they play Kuna, and isn't always that your homecoming?
Speaker 1: No, cause we usually lose to Kuna, We always played like Payette, that we like beat every year,
Speaker 2: Oh.
Speaker 1: for like seventeen years, and then I think, our senior year, junior or senior year, we lost to em.
Speaker 2: And they beat you.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: It was like, But, the only reason I went to the game was just to figure out what was going on afterwards, so it didn't really matter,
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: Well I never knew I didn't I could never even tell you half the players on the you play football? Mm I knew the ones that
Speaker 2: Mattered.
Speaker 1: Yeah. I went to a couple of the JV games, Louis's team lost, Wednesday though. So they're two and Five and two now. They've only lost two games. They lost to Centennial the other day.
Speaker 2: Well I thought maybe, that's what he was doing last night. Cause when we came by the Uh the pavilion? the football field. At BSU, the lights were on?
Speaker 1: Well the seniors play, they have They have game The varsity has games Thursday and Friday.
Speaker 2: Oh. Okay.
Speaker 1: Cause they can't always get all the games in. Especially when it gets dark this early now?
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: They have to have a lot more games, and then most of the schools don't have fields you can play at, in Boise.
Speaker 2: Don't have lights, no. But there sure
Speaker 1: So,
Speaker 2: weren't a lot of people there.
Speaker 1: Oh yeah. Probably
Speaker 2: But that was, seven o'clock, I don't know what time the game started.
Speaker 1: Ah, just kind of Their games usually start at seven, on Wednesdays,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: but varsity,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: varsity probably starts at seven. I don't know.
Speaker 2: Maybe it's an eight o'clock Seven, seven?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: There weren't, a whole lot of
Speaker 1: Yeah, might have been,
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: They were probably maybe playing an outoftown team, too.
Speaker 2: And I know dad said, yeah I don't know why they have the lights on yet, because it still was really light out.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Well they have to get em on, so they can,
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: get it going.
Speaker 2: And I thought maybe that was I thought maybe it was the sophomores.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: XXX
Speaker 1: Well I thought Louis's game was at four fortyfive, I know they have one afternoon game, but it's next Wednesday I found out. And so I was gonna go and watch his game after work, you know, I get off work right at five,
Speaker 2: Mhm,
Speaker 1: then go, go to work at and then, then he had a game at seven, and I was like oh. And then my legs hurt, I couldn't have walked anywhere, anyway.
Speaker 2: Mhm.
Speaker 1: Yeah cause Diane came in today, and she goes what's wrong with your legs. Mom and dad were freaking out about it. And I said it was, it was freaky.
Speaker 2: Well that's how come I called in the morning. Yeah. You know, cause I didn't wanna go in and wake you up and say,
Speaker 1: It's like, how the hell do you think they are. My legs are fine, but, I'm tired.
Speaker 2: And then, so then, I Luckily I remembered, to call early enough. Otherwise I was gonna call you at work.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: But then I thought, that'd be kinda stupid, I call you at work, and if you didn't go to work they'll say, no, she's home sick today and, kinda like, what kinda mother are you. You live in the same house.
Speaker 1: They know I mean, But yeah they're Like I said they're They're still kinda sore, like achy kinda sore, but they're, I mean they're, I can walk and everything,
Speaker 2: I think it's more of a flu.
Speaker 1: they aren't so, That's what I think it was though. Yeah cause I didn't have an appetite, or anything else like that, and I think that's part of it, I mean,
Speaker 2: Well,
Speaker 1: I have to be sick to, not eat. Now I've made up for it though. Today everything looked good. I was like, Cause Jenny and I had to go over to the store and get the punch, and, um, cups and stuff, for the open house? Today and, I mean, everything looked good at the store. And she was sick. So nothing looked good to her. And I was like, That looks good, doesn't that look good? No, no,
Speaker 2: That was like yesterday, after I got my car fixed. I went and took it in for, you know the, maintenance thing? And it was a free one.
Speaker 1: That's what you told me. Yeah.
Speaker 2: And uh, then dad wanted to go get that oil. For the? To oil, put on the? I said well you go do that, and I'll go to the grocery store. And I was hungry then. Cause this was three o'clock, and I had breakfast at eight o'clock yesterday. Man, everything looked good. So a hundred dollars later, I walked out of the grocery store, and then we went last night.
Speaker 1: Oh to get stuff for the soup.
Speaker 2: For dad. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Oh, gee.
Speaker 2: For hunting.